Proof The Mainstream Media Is Manipulating The Election By Taking Bill Clinton Out Of Context
I woke up this morning to find a variation of this headline splashed all over my news feed: Bill Clinton: Natural For Foundation Donors to Seek Favors Here s Google: Naturally, my reaction was oh, s**t, what did Bill Clinton do to damage his wife s campaign now? Of course, the headline sounds really, really awful. It plays right into the idea that the Clinton Foundation is all about pay to play, just like Donald Trump has been saying all along. Unfortunately, it takes reading beyond the headlines, which is something most people don t do, to find out the real story and the real story is that there is no pay to play. It was natural for people who ve been our political allies and personal friends to call and ask for things. And I trusted the State Department wouldn t do anything they shouldn t do, Clinton told NPR in an interview that aired Monday morning. Source: CNN In other words, people can ask for favors, but that certainly doesn t mean they ll get them. Leaked emails have shown that some Clinton Foundation donors have gotten meetings with Clinton and that others were turned down. There is zero evidence of pay to play. In other words, people might have asked for favors, but there s no evidence they got them. Now, let s talk about the foundation the media doesn t like to mention, the Trump Foundation. Trump hasn t given to his own foundation since 2008. He does collect money from others, though, and gives it in his name. He also takes from the charity and allegedly buys things like oil paintings and football helmets, all for himself, but out of charity money. New York Attorney General Eric Schneiderman said in a September 13 CNN interview that his office is investigating Trump s charitable foundation over concerns that it engaged in some impropriety as related to New York charity laws. The investigation launched amid reports from The Washington Post that Trump spent money from his charity on items meant to benefit himself, such as a $20,000 oil painting of himself and a $12,000 autographed football helmet, and also recycled others contributions to make them appear to have come from him although he hasn t given to the foundation since 2008. Source: Media Matters Media Matters goes on to talk about the double standard and about how clearly the mainstream media is trying to promote Trump at the cost of Clinton s candidacy: Journalists have been criticized for the double standard in the ways they cover Trump and Democratic presidential nominee Hillary Clinton. Earlier this month, cable news programs devoted 13 times more coverage to Clinton s pneumonia diagnosis as The Washington Post s reporting about the Trump Foundation. This week, both the Trump Foundation and Trump Organization stories were given short shrift by the broadcast news programs in favor of coverage of Donald Trump s Dr. Oz stunt. All of this biased coverage is hurting Clinton and helping Trump. Trump has seen major gains over the last few weeks, largely because the media covers every minor Clinton scandal (if you call getting sick a scandal ) while ignoring every scandal in Trump s closet, and trust me, there are a lot. Featured image via Ethan Miller/Getty Images.
Charity: Clinton Foundation Distributed Watered-Down AIDS Drugs to Sub-Saharan Africa Eagle Rising
Former President Bill Clinton and his Clinton Health Access Initiative (CHAI) distributed watered-down HIV/AIDs drugs to patients in sub-Saharan Africa, and likely increased the risks of morbidity and mortality, according to a draft congressional report obtained by The Daily Caller News Foundation. The congressional report, titled, The Clinton Foundation and The India Success Story, was initiated by Rep. Marsha Blackburn, a Tennessee Republican and vice-chair of the House Energy and Commerce Committee. The CHAI program to help AIDS victims is considered one of the Clinton Foundation s most important contributions and is probably its best known initiative. The congressional report focused on Clinton s decade-long relationship with a controversial Indian drug manufacturer called Ranbaxy, which CHAI used as one of its main distributors of HIV/AIDS drugs to Third World countries. It also highlighted the work of Dinesh Thakur, a former Ranbaxy employee who became a star whistleblower and permitted the U.S. government to launch a landmark lawsuit against the Indian firm. The company was vulnerable to U.S. prosecution because it also sold its generic drugs on the U.S. market. Ranbaxy ultimately pleaded guilty in 2013 to seven criminal counts with intent to defraud and the introduction of adulterated drugs into interstate commerce. The Department of Justice further levied a $500 million fine and forfeiture on the company. This is the largest false claims case ever prosecuted in the District of Maryland, and the nation s largest financial penalty paid by a generic pharmaceutical company, said U.S. Attorney for the District of Maryland Rod J. Rosenstein when Ranbaxy pleaded guilty. When companies sell adulterated drugs, they undermine the integrity of the FDA s approval process and may cause patients to take drugs that are substandard, ineffective, or unsafe, said Stuart F. Delery, acting assistant attorney general for the civil division of the Department of Justice, when the government announced its action against the Indian company. The Department of Justice stated in its final settlement, alleged due to the company s diluted drugs, it subjected patients to increased risks of morbidity and mortality, according to the report. The question becomes, how many people lost their lives, how many people found it was a false promise, asked Blackburn in an interview with TheDCNF. The possibility that CHAI distributed adulterated and diluted AIDS drugs to Third World victims could shake the foundations of the Clinton charity and spark a new round of scrutiny in the final weeks of presidential candidate Hillary Clinton s campaign. Blackburn said she delivered the report to the inspector generals at the Department of Health and Human Services and to the Department of State, where Hillary served as secretary of state during President Barack Obama s first term. The congressional study also highlighted the unseemly ties between Bill and two controversial Indian-Americans who have been investigated and sanctioned by the Food and Drug Administration (FDA) and the Securities and Exchange Commission. The most troubling revelations concern the Clinton Foundation s vigorous promotion of Ranbaxy despite mounting evidence the Indian firm had persistently poor quality control and attempted to cover it up through either faulty or fraudulent reporting to the FDA. It is unclear at this juncture how many AIDS patients received the watered-down drugs. ProPublica estimated that in 2007 alone, the U.S. Agency for International Development allocated $9 million to Ranbaxy and delivered more than $1.8 million packages. Substandard HIV medicines cause health problems for patients, perhaps even accelerating death from HIV-related infections, Roger Bate, an economist at the American Enterprise Institute who researches substandard and counterfeit medicines, told TheDCNF. Thakur told TheDCNF that many of the company s anti-retroviral drugs were used to stabilize platelet and white blood cell counts in AIDS patients. These drugs allow it to stabilize and essentially provide immunity to patients. If the content of the medicine is not what is listed on the label, you will not see the platelet levels or the WBC levels stabilize, he said. Ranbaxy s first public hint of problems occurred in August 2004, one year after CHAI began working with the firm. The World Health Organization reported irregularities involving three Ranbaxy drugs in South Africa, according to the report. The FDA sent a public warning letter to Ranbaxy in 2006 about reported irregularities in the company s quality control efforts. It concluded that the drugs, which included anti-retroviral HIV/AIDs medications, show much lower potencies in these batches. Although Ranbaxy s generic drugs are now barred from being sold in the U.S., CHAI and the former president continue to praise Ranbaxy and distribute the company s HIV/AID drugs to patients abroad. Bill heaped praise on Ranbaxy in 2013 during a speech in Mumbai, saying, the drugs saved millions of lives. Neither CHAI nor the Clinton Foundation have announced they severed ties with Ranbaxy. Thakur said he s now a public health activist who tries to get global health charities to focus on the quality of drugs rather than simply on access to patients. The whistleblower tried to meet with CHAI and Clinton Foundation officials, but was only met with silence. I have tried to reach out to them, he told TheDCNF. But I haven t had a great amount of success with the Clinton Foundation. CHAI was a part of the Clinton Foundation until 2010, when it spun off into a separate entity. The groups still have some overlapping board members and staff, and they continue to operate in close coordination. Bill Clinton, for example, is deeply involved with both organizations. Charles Ortel, a Wall Street analyst who has been an outspoken critic of the legal missteps by the Clinton Foundation, claims their separation was deeply suspect. In the application, trustees of the new entity, including Bill Clinton, falsely claim the entity is not a successor to previous efforts. This is not true. They purposefully obscure the fact that a similar operation called CHAI was by far the largest piece of the original Foundation, Ortel told TheDCNF. The congressional study suggests Bill may have relaxed quality standards in a 2000 executive order. He signed an executive order that, relaxed intellectual property policy standards, promising the U.S. government would not revoke or revise the intellectual property laws of any Sub-Saharan country relating to HIV/AIDS medicines or technologies, the report states. CHAI announced in October 2003 it was going to distribute generic, low-cost HIV drugs from four foreign drug manufacturers: Ranbaxy; Cipla of Mumbai, India; Matrix Labs of Hydrabad, India; Aspen Pharmacare of Johannesburg, South Africa. CHAI s endorsement also allowed Ranbaxy to manufacture HIV drugs that would be bought by the U.S. government under the President s Emergency Plan for AIDS relief a $15 billion initiative proposed by former President George W. Bush. The flow of U.S. funds combined with Clinton s endorsement allowed the four foreign drug manufactures to become good acquisition targets, according to the study. Ranbaxy filed 10 abbreviated new drug applications, three of which were approved by the FDA, according to the congressional study. Eventually, the firm would produce 13 generic HIV drugs. The companies enjoyed great financial profits and they exploded as they partnered with the Foundation for several years, the report states. The study also examined the key players in the Clinton-CHAI orbit, the potential for corruption and how the program ultimately benefited the Clinton Foundation in terms of donor contributions. One relationship unearthed by the report was the American Indian Foundation, which Clinton co-founded with Indian-American businessmen Rajat Gupta and Vinod Gupta in 2001. Rajat was convicted of insider trading in 2012 in a sensational trial. Vinod eventually was forced to resign as CEO and chairman of the company InfoGroup and was fined $9 million in a Securities and Exchange Commission investigation. One of the charges stated Vinod had awarded Bill $3.3 million without board approval. Blackburn says the worst part of the story were the false hopes offered by the Clinton Foundation. You think about the emotional state of health care workers as they are dealing with these individuals and the emotional state of the patients. To me it s disturbing and very sad, she said. The views expressed in this opinion article are solely those of their author and are not necessarily either shared or endorsed by EagleRising.com
A Hillary Clinton Administration May be Entirely Run by a FIGUREHEAD Eagle Rising
After collapsing just before trying to step into her van after being removed from the 9-11 ceremony in New York City, Hillary Clinton emerged from her daughter s apartment seeming like a new person. Too new to be believed as a matter of fact, since the Hillary at Chelsea Clinton s apartment was noticeably well and energetic. Even more unbelievable was the difference in appearance such as her being many pounds lighter, more vibrant, and apparently having a sort of drive through type rhinoplasty preformed in the short amount of time she was in the apartment. The nose on the Hillary Clinton double at the apartment is clearly different than all pictures of Hillary in the past. The different nose is a dead giveaway, in the identification of nose types, the real Hillary Clinton has what is known as the Nordic nose, which is quite common and straight. The clone has a distinctively different nose that slightly curves downward at the tip and has a slight elevated area along the bridge, this being more of a Roman type. Aside from the different nose types, the clone Hillary rather appears to be a younger version of the original with much less aging apparent. Hillary s stand in also has no mole above her right lip, Hillary Clinton does. Since the real Hillary Clinton obviously has such bad health issues that practically prevents her from even campaigning, we must assume that her clone stand in will do most of the appearances she is scheduled to do before the election, aside from those Bill Clinton will do himself. The question we must ultimately ask ourselves is, will Hillary actually be physically capable of doing any debates with Donald Trump that are coming up? Or will she elect to have her double stand in at some or all of the debates? What we need to look for immediately is her appearance. If she appears to be much thinner, younger, or without a cough and hoarseness, we should know, this is not the real Hillary Clinton. If she appears to be right on the mark, without any incidents of brain freeze or forgetfulness, this is the clone, not Hillary Clinton. The biggest speculation that we all should be concerned about is, will the real Hillary Clinton ever be seen or heard as President of the United States? Or will her double conduct all public appearances, meetings with foreign dignitaries, State of the Union addresses, and speeches? It could be possible that if she wins the election, it will be her double that participates in the inauguration in every aspect, including the Swearing In. It is a very big possibility that the real Hillary Clinton may not even play a part of a new Clinton Administration and all decisions will be made by her cabinet from the direction of her clone via an invisible entity. If anyone thought President Obama may not be who he claims he is, such a Clinton Administration being conducted entirely without Hillary herself would make any speculation we may have about Obama seem inconsequential. The American people are being played to go one step further than what we already have in Barack H Obama who remains a mystery man in all respects since he has his personal records sealed, to accept an idea as President. Hillary Clinton may be the first Administration in US history where she is only a figurehead, or an idea, but not in charge of anything. The views expressed in this opinion article are solely those of their author and are not necessarily either shared or endorsed by EagleRising.com
Trump s Latest Campaign Promise May Be His Most Horrible One Yet
Donald Trump is, well, deplorable. He s suggested building a wall to keep invading hordes of brown-skinned rapists and drug dealers from charging into the country, gotten on board with creating a national registry for Muslims like Hitler did with the Jews, forcing said Muslims to wear special identification badges, and even rounding them up into modern-day concentration camps as a temporary measure. He s even suggested outright murdering the families of terrorists abroad: The other thing with the terrorists is you have to take out their families, when you get these terrorists, you have to take out their families. They care about their lives, don t kid yourself. When they say they don t care about their lives, you have to take out their families. But he s not satisfied with slaughtering innocents to get to terrorists overseas, He also wants to bring that idea home. In a statement on the bombings in New York and New Jersey over the weekend, The Donald s Senior Communications Advisor explained that Trump is not fighting terrorism he s fighting the narratives of Barack Obama and Hillary Clinton. And Trump s narrative is kill them all : Last weekend s attacks, which are just the latest to be carried out on U.S. soil on President Obama s watch, should be a wakeup call for every American. It is highly disturbing and entirely unacceptable that 858 immigrants from dangerous countries have slipped into our country and been granted full U.S. citizenship because of the failed policies supported by President Obama and Hillary Clinton. Even worse, Clinton must explain her reckless support for a 550% increase in Syrian refugees and her push for an all-out open border policy, which will put even more Americans at risk. The threat from radical Islamic terrorism has only grown under Obama and Clinton, and ISIS has greatly expanded the number of countries where it is fully operational. Our enemies neither fear nor respect Hillary Clinton, and as a nation, that is dangerous, and it is disgraceful. Mr. Trump will bring an end to these attacks, because unlike Obama and Clinton, he believes we re in more than a fight about narratives these terrorists pose an existential threat to our country and our values and they must be destroyed before they can harm any more of our citizens. Pay attention to that last bit: They must be destroyed before they can harm any more of our citizens. Now, we already know that the problem according to the GOP presidential nominee is radical Islamic terrorism, and that Trump has (numerous times) blamed Muslims in general for any attacks he could. Exactly how selective do you think he will be in eliminating terrorists? They re protecting each other, but they re really doing very bad damage they have to open up to society and report the bad ones, Trump said in March. When they see trouble, they have to report it. They are absolutely not reporting it, and that s a big problem. If Muslims are protecting terrorists, are they not terrorists in Trump s eyes? How many days in his presidency would pass before anyone who follows Islam was rounded up? Would there be mass exterminations? Trump has already suggested slaughtering terrorists families. How would he define terrorism? These are all questions it is unlikely that Mr. Trump will answer for himself but remember he is exactly the sort of person who, with a wink and a nod, suggests disarming his political opponents security to see what happens to them (shortly after suggesting that Second Amendment People could deal with them. We re dealing with an unstable, constantly suspicious person whose first instinct in conflict is to push the little red button that launches our nuclear arsenal. It s also important to remember that the attacks in New York and New Jersey were committed by an American citizen one with Constitutional rights, no matter how much someone wants to call for blood. This, of course, matters not to The Donald. Normally, suggesting that a candidate will bring back concentration camps and murder civilians is hyperbole. But not with Trump. He s said it himself. Many times. If we allow this alleged human, this Oompa Loompa who has escaped from the chocolate factory to wreak havoc on our nation to assume office, it will not end well. Be sure to vote in November if it s the last thing you do. If Trump wins, it may be. Featured image via Getty Images/Joe Raedle
Obama Pushes One World Government
When President Obama spoke at the United Nations he espoused the One World Government. He speaks of globalization in the fondest of terms: As if it is the do-all be-all for all the problems in the world. Also in the speech he referred to true democracy. If that is what he is for, then God help us. As Written By Alex Pfeiffer for Daily Caller: Collision of cultures In his last address before the United Nations Tuesday, President Barack Obama acknowledged that globalism has led to a collision of cultures but urged countries to embrace liberal democracy and internationalization. Obama told world leaders to recognize that violence and poverty are at historic lows. I believe that we need to acknowledge these achievements in order to carry this progress forward, Obama said. In order to move forward, though, we do have to acknowledge that the existing path to global integration requires a course correction. The president said those who trumpet the benefit of globalization have ignored inequalities in their countries and the enduring appeal of ethnic and sectarian identities. Obama added that many government institutions around the world have been unfit to handle the changes globalization has brought ..
Clinton Foundation Spent 5.7% on Charity; Rest Went to Salaries and Other Expenses Eagle Rising
Back when the news first broke about the pay-to-play corruption involving then-Secretary of State Hillary Clinton and the Clinton Foundation where donors to the foundation were granted political access, including lavish White House State dinners the Clinton campaign responded by focusing on all the supposed good that the foundation has done over the years. I don t think anyone was fooled into thinking that the Clinton Foundation was anything other than a money-making machine for the Clinton family and their well-connected friends. The foundation had to at least have the appearance of being a charity, so they had to divert some of their resources to causes. That way, they could always point to those grants as evidence that they re an organization for good. The Daily Caller reported that only 5.7 percent of the money they raked in went to actual charity: Just 5.7 percent of the Clinton Foundation s massive 2014 budget actually went to charitable grants, according to the tax-exempt organization s IRS filings. The rest went to salaries and employee benefits, fundraising and other expenses. The Clinton Foundation spent a hair under $91.3 million in 2014, the organization s IRS filings show. But less than $5.2 million of that went to charitable grants. That number pales in comparison to the $34.8 million the foundation spent on salaries, compensation and employee benefits. Another $50.4 million was marked as other expenses, while the remaining almost $851K was marked as professional fundraising expenses. Despite taking in an additional $30 million in 2014, the Clinton Foundation spent 40 percent less on charitable grants in 2014 than in 2013. Even as it slashed charitable spending, the foundation increased the amount spent on salaries, employee benefits and compensation by $5 million in 2014. The foundation also spent $5 million more other expenses in 2014. Sometimes, things are exactly as they appear. This was nothing more than a way for the Clintons to make massive amounts of money. And Hillary used her position as Secretary of State to pull money from rich people in exchange for political favors. The views expressed in this opinion article are solely those of their author and are not necessarily either shared or endorsed by EagleRising.com
WHOA! NEW DISTURBING VIDEO Shows HILLARY'S Campaign Likely FAKED Her Audience At NC Rally * 100percentfedUp.com
On September 15, Hillary apparently held a rally in the Old Student Recreational Center at the University of North Carolina in Greensboro, NC. This was her first public appearance since she convulsed and had to be lifted into her van following the 9-11 memorial in NYC. Hillary s campaign was quick to blame the heat until they discovered conservative websites were able to quickly access the weather and determine that it was a balmy 74 degrees in NYC! Hillary was quickly whisked away to her daughter Chelsea s apartment following her incident, passing more than one hospital on the way to recuperate. Did Hillary recover from her incident or was this rally faked to make it look like she did? Here is the first video of Hillary s Greensboro, NC rally that was causing viewers to ask what the heck are those cameras in Hillary s audience pointing at? If you look closely, it sure isn t Hillary! Watch this video first, and then the video below to get a closer analysis of what appears to be a phony rally for Hillary at This stunning video takes the viewer through and shows step-by-step where the audience is faked: Here is the actual video from C-Span to prove nothing was doctored in the videos above. Holy moly!
Is it the Beginning of the End for Hillary Clinton? Eagle Rising
I can t wait for Weekend at Chelsea s to hit the big screen. CNN and the rest of Hillary Clinton s slobbering media sycophants have already written the script. If this woman, God forbid, dropped dead on the sidewalk tomorrow, these doting suck-ups these mass media strumpets whose voter trust has, understandably, reached an all-time low would dutifully parrot the Clinton campaign talking points and call it a minor setback to her inevitable victory. The American people aren t buying it. This is a severely ill woman. No more conspiracy theory dismissals. Mrs. Clinton s mild cold, er, seasonal allergies, I mean heat exhaustion, that is to say minor case of pneumonia is, evidently, of the rare kind that requires a permanent traveling physician and a mystery man who rushes to her side whenever she has one of her frequent and uncontrollable episodes (or otherwise freezes up with a brain short-circuit during a speech). This guy has been spotted with the Clintons during medical emergencies going back to 2003 when Hillary suffered a brain blood clot (also covered up) and carries in hand what many medical experts say is a Diazepam pen. Diazepam is an intravenous drug used to treat seizures. Blue tinted glasses of the sort Mrs. Clinton was wearing Sunday when she collapsed are also worn by patients who suffer seizures. These therapeutic specs are likewise used to relieve symptoms of Parkinson s disease a neurological disorder from which a number of doctors indicate Mrs. Clinton likely suffers (since when has pneumonia required a neurological squeeze test?). The Clinton campaign needs to come clean. They won t, but they should. I wonder what official diagnosis we ll get the next time she seizes up and collapses into the arms of eerily calm Secret Service agents acting as though they ve been there a hundred times before. Nothing to see here, folks. Secretary Clinton s sciatica is just acting up a bit from the 30 miles she powered through yesterday going door-to-door. The point is that, once more, by lying about illness Mrs. Clinton has reinforced (and justified) concerns about both her physical and moral fitness to serve as president. She s proven, yet again, that she can t be trusted. She has confirmed a number of pre-conceptions that voters, as revealed by her historically low approval ratings, have formed relative to her health and character. She s a liar. That s her default mode. She s corrupt. And she s sick. Very sick. She puts her own personal political ambition and lust for power above all else including the best interests of the nation, and even her own life. Do I take joy in Mrs. Clinton s sufferings and plummeting poll numbers? Well, no on the first, yes on the second. Do not gloat when your enemy falls; when they stumble, do not let your heart rejoice (Proverbs 24:17). Indeed, Mrs. Clinton has had a very bad week, but her poll numbers were already trending downward. Her medical crisis over the weekend, coupled with her stepping in it by smearing half of Donald Trump s supporters as a racist and irredeemable basket of deplorables, has only served to accelerate the plunge. Perhaps this is because of the glaring hypocrisy associated with such a statement especially by this particular woman. This is the same Hillary Clinton who once called the late Sen. Robert Byrd, D-W.Va., her friend and mentor. Sen. Byrd, of course, was a recruiter for the actually deplorable KKK. This is the same Hillary Clinton whose husband, former president Bill Clinton, was caught jokingin 2008 that President Obama should be carrying his bags the same woman whose Democratic Party opposed the 1964 Civil Rights Act while Republicans, not unlike those she just slandered, worked hard to pass it. Finally, and going back a bit further, this is the same Hillary Clinton whose party fought a war to maintain slavery in the U.S. while hundreds-of-thousands of Republicans gave up their lives to free them. Who s the racist? I m praying for Hillary Clinton. Despite what her campaign and worshipful media disciples are peddling, and notwithstanding her being caught in lie after lie, our eyes have been telling us the truth for months, maybe even years now. To watch this increasingly frail, bitter and elderly woman stiffen up, convulse and collapse into the arms of well-practiced staffers is hard to stomach. You can t help but feel some modicum of compassion for her, wicked though she may be. It s almost tragic to witness. Hillary Clinton has lived her entire life for this moment. Everything she s ever done or said, and the mounding piles of lecherous BS she s put up with from her sexually predatory partner-in-crime, has been designed to place her in the Oval Office, not as first lady, but as president of the United States. Proverbs 19:21 says, Many are the plans in a person s heart, but it is the LORD s purpose that prevails. Am I saying there s no chance Hillary Clinton will win? Not at all, though I think it unlikely. Between her devoted media harpies, her team of around-the-clock doctors and a campaign staff well versed in the practice of propaganda and cover-up, there s always a chance they might just literally carry her over the finish line to victory. Still, it remains my humble prayer that this past week signals the beginning of the end for Hillary Clinton s political aspirations. Even so, I also pray she might live a long and healthy life in the private sector a life with plenty of time to bounce cute little grandkids on her knee. When they visit her in prison. The views expressed in this opinion article are solely those of their author and are not necessarily either shared or endorsed by EagleRising.com
Californians Had Special Way to View the Eclipse Now Hospitals Are Filling up
Olympic Committee Buckles to LGBT Groups... Makes 2018 Games Completely Unfair There's been a major change to the 2018 Winter Olympics, courtesy of the International Olympic Committee... and it shows just how pervasive the LGBT agenda has become. Sadly, what they just did is going to make the games completely unfair. Read more
Obama Just DISGRACED The U.S. By Surrendering To ISIS In Front Of Entire U.N. US Herald
Obama made a real fool out of himself during what was supposed to be his final address to the U.N. Assembly. During it he basically said that we have no chance in defeating ISIS and other Islamic extremist groups in Syria and otherwise. He spoke heavily to the shortcomings in military power that we have in combatting his "JV team." Seeing as the U.S. is the global police force, he said that we have no chance of winning this battle. The Daily Caller reports that Obama touched heavily upon the massive growth in military and increase in militants that form the Islamic State group. He cited this as the reason that he sees no viable military solution. "If we are honest, we understand that no external power is going to be able to force different religious communities or ethnic communities to coexist for long," said Obama. President Obama continued by saying that we must "be honest about the nature of these conflicts and our international community must continue to work with those who seek to build rather than to destroy." He mentioned briefly that there will be a military aspect to dealing with the Islamic State group he also categorized Syria as "a place like Syria, where there s no ultimate military victory to be won." Instead Obama suggested that we "pursue the hard work of diplomacy that aims to stop the violence and deliver aid to those in need and support those who pursue a political settlement and can see those who are not like themselves as worthy of dignity and respect." Which may prove to be a little difficult since these people are not the most 'reasonable' people to try to deal with. It's likely that many of the liberals who refuse to acknowledge the strong connection that we have seen between radical Islam and death and violence. These are the same people that would just as quickly chastise a Christian for wanted to say the pledge of allegiance in school as they would catch a bullet for a suspected Muslim terrorist. It's this type of thinking that got us into the predicament that we are in today. Pretending like there is no real threat or that we are up against some JV team get's us nowhere and instead only makes this issue worse. It's about time we start calling it like it is and taking action. We're past the point of being polite and too afraid to hurt anyone's feelings. If we don't take action soon, then Obama's pathetic defeatist monologue will soon become a reality. Make sure to share this on Facebook if you think it's time we take action against the very real threat that is radical Islam. Source: Conservative Tribune
Declassified Docs Show That Obama Admin Created ISIS In 2012 To Use As A 'Tool' US Herald
Thanks in part to the declassification of Defense Intelligence documents, connecting those missing dots seems to have finally reveled what most Middle East observers have suspected all along, that the rise of the terrorist group ISIS and the likelihood of establishing a terror state (a caliphate), had been predicated by both the CIA and DIA, as far back as 2012. And purposely created by the Obama Administration in part to isolate the Syrian government of President Bashar al-Assad. The documents also predicted that the support given by the West, Turkey and the Persian Gulf Arab states to the Takfiri militants would eventually lead to the establishment of a Salafist Principality in Eastern Syria. According to investigative reporter Nafeez Ahmed, the "leaked document reveals that in coordination with the Gulf states and Turkey, the West intentionally sponsored violent Islamist groups to destabilize Assad, despite anticipating that doing so could lead to the emergence of an Islamic State in Iraq and Syria. Obviously Obama s dismissal of ISIS being nothing more than a JV team and his apparent miscalculations in not keeping a residual force in place in Iraq, seems to be (as the documents indicate), considerably more sinister than first assumed, in that not leaving a contingency force behind was viewed by most Middle Eastern experts to have been a simple yet costly a tactical error. However the documents are also shedding light on details referencing weapons operations inside Libya before the 2012 terror attack in Benghazi. And the report leaves no doubt that U.S. intelligence agencies were fully aware that weapons were being shipped from Benghazi to Syrian ports. However what isn t in dispute is that American servicemen and woman and those in Benghazi have been willfully sacrificed by a clandestine Middle Eastern policy that has seen the rise of the most brutal terrorist group within our lifetime, by an administration that seems to be more concerned in concealing the facts rather than protecting our National Security. Here is a link to the Judicial Watch press release detailing the released documents. Here are the released documents themselves.
A Hillary Clinton Administration May be Entirely Run by a FIGUREHEAD Eagle Rising
After collapsing just before trying to step into her van after being removed from the 9-11 ceremony in New York City, Hillary Clinton emerged from her daughter s apartment seeming like a new person. Too new to be believed as a matter of fact, since the Hillary at Chelsea Clinton s apartment was noticeably well and energetic. Even more unbelievable was the difference in appearance such as her being many pounds lighter, more vibrant, and apparently having a sort of drive through type rhinoplasty preformed in the short amount of time she was in the apartment. The nose on the Hillary Clinton double at the apartment is clearly different than all pictures of Hillary in the past. The different nose is a dead giveaway, in the identification of nose types, the real Hillary Clinton has what is known as the Nordic nose, which is quite common and straight. The clone has a distinctively different nose that slightly curves downward at the tip and has a slight elevated area along the bridge, this being more of a Roman type. Aside from the different nose types, the clone Hillary rather appears to be a younger version of the original with much less aging apparent. Hillary s stand in also has no mole above her right lip, Hillary Clinton does. Since the real Hillary Clinton obviously has such bad health issues that practically prevents her from even campaigning, we must assume that her clone stand in will do most of the appearances she is scheduled to do before the election, aside from those Bill Clinton will do himself. The question we must ultimately ask ourselves is, will Hillary actually be physically capable of doing any debates with Donald Trump that are coming up? Or will she elect to have her double stand in at some or all of the debates? What we need to look for immediately is her appearance. If she appears to be much thinner, younger, or without a cough and hoarseness, we should know, this is not the real Hillary Clinton. If she appears to be right on the mark, without any incidents of brain freeze or forgetfulness, this is the clone, not Hillary Clinton. The biggest speculation that we all should be concerned about is, will the real Hillary Clinton ever be seen or heard as President of the United States? Or will her double conduct all public appearances, meetings with foreign dignitaries, State of the Union addresses, and speeches? It could be possible that if she wins the election, it will be her double that participates in the inauguration in every aspect, including the Swearing In. It is a very big possibility that the real Hillary Clinton may not even play a part of a new Clinton Administration and all decisions will be made by her cabinet from the direction of her clone via an invisible entity. If anyone thought President Obama may not be who he claims he is, such a Clinton Administration being conducted entirely without Hillary herself would make any speculation we may have about Obama seem inconsequential. The American people are being played to go one step further than what we already have in Barack H Obama who remains a mystery man in all respects since he has his personal records sealed, to accept an idea as President. Hillary Clinton may be the first Administration in US history where she is only a figurehead, or an idea, but not in charge of anything. The views expressed in this opinion article are solely those of their author and are not necessarily either shared or endorsed by EagleRising.com
BREAKING: Did Hillary Clinton Have a Nervous Breakdown?
BREAKING: Did Hillary Clinton Have a Nervous Breakdown? Rumors have surfaced that Hillary Clinton may be having a nervous breakdown. In this video we posted yesterday, Clinton appears to lose eye control. Shortly after this event, she canceled her posh fundraiser in North Carolina scheduled for the same day, mere minutes down the road from where she was. However it s was worse than we thought, as one of our researchers discovered this about Hillary Clinton s schedule. Interesting fact .I just searched Hillary Clinton s rally events scheduled between September 20 October 19 She has ONE scheduled. The rest of the events are fundraisers and the schedule doesn t list her as a speaker at any of the fundraisers. Trump has FOUR rallies scheduled between September 20-22!!!! There are many questions about her health, and admittedly I m no expert. However I am a realist. I recently posted that Hillary Clinton needed Secret Service to help her up TWO steps at this very rally. What healthy person needs help up two steps? And the secret service man had a vice grip on Clinton s left hand. I further predicted that Hillary Clinton would not be able to cover up her illness, and would eventually melt down. Further rumors are the DNC is scrambling, as potential replacements for Clinton are being sought. The Democrats have a major problem here, as Sanders remains a sock puppet for Hillary Clinton, and doesn t appear to want to be president any longer. No matter who the Democrats choose, their dilemma remains that they have positioned Hillary Clinton as the best and only choice. Remember, her coronation began four years ago, and the DNC has the emails to prove it. As for Hillary Clinton s health, regardless of what you think about the eye movements and the potential for conspiracy theories, Clinton is ill. The Left won t be able to hide this much longer, and it will vindicate all the conspirators. Worse yet, the health cover-up will reveal to America what we already know about Democrats. They are crooked to their black cores. Expect lots more on this to surface over the next few days.
Hillary Denies She and Obama Founded ISIS Then This Video Shows Up
It was late one night in the White House when Obama first came up with the idea for ISIS. He hadn t been sleeping well. Michelle told him to take some deep breaths, have some hot milk, and rewatch Princess Bride, but he d made it all the way to the Billy Crystal scene, and he was out of milk, and Michelle had started snoring. The snoring was loud and nasty and kind of wet-sounding, like a broken boat was giving birth to another boat. He had to get out of there. First, he headed down to the Oval Office and tried to sleep on the couch, but it wasn t long enough for his legs, and it smelled like generals butts. For a long time, he just wandered around the West Wing alone. He was sad and tired and had the nervous feeling that he was doing something he shouldn t. He peeked into people s desk drawers and found pictures of cats and dogs and babies. He was thinking about stealing a Kind bar off one of his interns desks, when suddenly a word appeared to him: ISIS. He grabbed a Post-It note and wrote it down. What was it? What did it mean? It wasn t until months later, at Coachella, that the idea started to take shape. Obama loved electronic music the beats, the lights, the DJs, the wonderful fans and every year, for just one day, the Secret Service allowed him to go to the music festival. They would hang back, and he would wear sunglasses, a flower crown, a neon tank top, and a tight European-style bathing suit and just dance. The people who did recognize him were too drunk and high to convince anyone of what they d seen. ( Hey, bro, it s the president! Yeah, bro! ) The president would block it all out and surrender to the thumping, sick beat. He had done a tiny bit of molly with a French Canadian woman named Bonjour when the word ISIS came back to him. Ever since he was a little boy, he had wanted to start an international terrorist organization of his own. He d just never had the right idea. People had been starting terrorist groups for years, and he knew that if he wanted to break into the market, he needed some big new shtick. Wait. Of course. He went into his wallet and dug out the crumpled Post-It note. Yes. He would be the first American president to start an international terrorist organization, and it would be called ISIS. Bonjour was naked now, trying to bend a glow stick around one of her breasts. He gave her his flower crown, got in an Uber, and drove straight back to Washington. By the time he got home, he had a plan. At first it was difficult to get people to believe he wasn t kidding. I want to be the founder of a new terrorist group, he d tell them. They d laugh and say something like, Hey, Mr. President, please don t ever say that again publicly! Obama felt like one of the characters trying to start a luxury denim business on the HBO show How to Make It in America. Then, finally, he decided the only person who could really help him was Hillary. They were down in the kitchen one night eating Popsicles and staring into each other s eyes when he asked if he could tell her a secret. Hillary laughed and said, Is it about how you re really a terrorist? He looked at her and said, Yes, actually. She stopped eating her Popsicle. Donald Trump was right about you? He nodded. About everything. He explained that he had actually been born in Kenya in 1919, and that he was 97 years old. He d made an American birth certificate out of simple graph paper and aged it with tea bags. ( Honestly, it took me, like, 20 minutes. ) He explained that his parents told him from an early age that he should grow up to become the president of the United States so that he could eventually destroy the country from the inside. Isn t that the plot of the first season of Homeland? Hillary asked. Obama nodded. Kind of. Also a little bit of The Americans. No one had come close to guessing his secret, until Donald Trump. He didn t know what had given it away. He d been so careful. Had Donald Trump figured out the secret messages he was sending through his Portuguese water dog, Bo? Wait, what? Hillary asked. She was starting to freak out. Obama explained that Bo was actually a supercomputer programmed to bark out messages in Morse code to terrorist organizations around the world, and he thought there was a chance that Donald Trump had seen that Bo s eyes were really tiny LED screens. Did you know that when Bo barks, Obama said, he s just repeating the word dog over and over again in a robot voice? Hillary was quiet for a long time. She had stopped eating her Popsicle, and the whole thing had just melted away. Now her fingers were stuck together, and it looked like she had one weird fish-hand. When she finally spoke, it was almost a whisper. You re a 97-year-old Kenyan Muslim man who was sent here by your ancestors to destroy America? Obama nodded. Hillary made a strange sound and cried out, I feel like I m short-circuiting! Obama did his best to comfort her. Bo does that sometimes. Then he ll go outside and poop out a printer cartridge. Hillary was breathing hard. She walked the length of the kitchen, then walked the width of the kitchen, and then surprised herself by doing the first tumbling pass in Aly Raisman s floor routine. Obama knew it was dangerous to tell someone his secrets, but it was such a relief. He felt light and loose. He felt 87 again. He took her hands into his. I m sorry my fingers are stuck together like a fish-hand, Hillary apologized. Do you mean a fin? Obama asked. They both chuckled with their mouths closed. Hillary told him that she would probably need more time to process everything. Then he leaned down and said in a soft, strong voice: But I haven t even told you the best part yet. I m going to start my own terrorist group and call it ISIS. Isis? No, ISIS. All caps. Hillary and Obama talked for hours that night. When they got tired of the kitchen, they moved outside to the Rose Garden with a six-pack, a joint, and, like, a ton of cheese. They lay with their backs on the wet grass and looked up into the hazy Washington sky as Obama told her everything he imagined for the new terrorist group, and she listened and laughed and gradually finished the beer. When she felt sleepy, she put her head just inside one of his arms, closed her eyes, and let the sound of his plans to annihilate the Western world wash over her like the hot summer air. She interrupted him once to point out how weird roses look at night. He said he didn t want to talk about that and told her, in a cool way, to stop smoking all the weed. She interrupted again to show him that she could eat cheese and take a hit at the same time, but he was not as impressed as she thought he d be. He told her like for real they had to focus right now on starting a terrorist group, and she laughed for what felt like an hour and 45 minutes. He was starting to regret telling her about ISIS, when suddenly she sat up, looked him right in the eye, and said, We ll wait until I m president, and then we will secretly destroy America together. Her words shot through him. His heart was beating fast. That was it. That was the plan he had been waiting for, and it was beautiful. In the dim light, he could see dirt sticking to her face where the Popsicle had been. She looked scary, like Jodie Foster in Nell. A weirdly big piece of cheese fell out of her hair. He couldn t stop smiling. For the first time in his life, he felt completely understood. They put their heads back in the grass, and he tried to remember the lyrics to Wonderwall as she secretly ate the cheese that had been in her hair. Pretty soon, it was morning again.
Trump Just Made A Campaign Promise So Ridiculous It Makes Read My Lips Look Good Opposition Report
Posted by Frank Wilkenmeyer on 19 Sep 2016 We ve all seen campaign promises go horribly wrong. One of the most famous is probably read my lips no new taxes, a moment in time that won an election and lost the next after George HW Bush made the promise but signed the largest tax increase in the history of tax increases. What Donald Trump just promised as a reaction to the attacks over the weekend in Chelsea and Minnesota may have that beat: .@JasonMillerinDC: Statement on Last Weekend s Terror Attacks pic.twitter.com/l3EVTvLcfO Official Team Trump (@TeamTrump) September 19, 2016 Take a look at that and consider what it says. The personal attacks on President Obama and Secretary Clinton aside, Trump just promised to destroy the existential threat of terrorism in America. He didn t promise to increase funding to counter-terrorism units or deliver a plan to fight internet terrorism recruitment, he promised to destroy all terrorists and end terrorism on our soil. Let s imagine for a moment that Trump actually tried to implement this plan of his. Destroy doesn t leave much to the imagination. While the mouth-breathers who support him are probably giving this statement a hearty yeeeeehaw, the reality is that he s talking about something far more terrifying than the low rate of terrorism we actually witness in America. He s talking about profiling Muslims. He s talking about Donald Trump s version of the Patriot Act, where nobody with brown skin is safe.The man being hunted by the FBI, for example, isn t just a Muslim, he s an The man being hunted by the FBI, for example, isn t just a Muslim, he s an American citizen with the right to due process. Just because he s a suspect in a bombing doesn t mean he s guilty of setting off bombs. With this blanket Trump statement, however, this man would be in a deck of cards marked kill and not on the most wanted list. There s nothing that would lead one to believe that citizenship, constitutional rights or due process would come into play. What that means is that under Trump s dream regime, we could expect Muslim heavy neighborhoods like Dearborn and Queens to become heavily patrolled and segregated and their residents routinely grabbed off the streets never to return. Without a way to differentiate Christian Arabs from Muslims, would they need to wear some kind of identifying mark to make them easier to spot? If you think I m being overly critical and you doubt that fascism is where an American presidential candidate is leaning, read that statement one more time. It isn t about the narrative. It isn t about prevention or education. It s about destroying the existential threat of terrorism at all costs. It may sound good to a bunch of knuckle-draggers who love to hate based on skin color and religion, but to those of us who have studied history and understand exactly what that terminology means, Donald Trump just became even more frightening. The only solace we have is that what he s promising is nothing but another read my lips. Terrorism isn t something you can simply destroy just because you said so. The thought of turning our streets into a Denzel Washington movie might get you a few more votes from the daft but it isn t going to provide you with the laws you need to actually implement your fascism. Like the rest of Donald Trump s campaign, in the end this is nothing more than a bloviating blowhard peddling fear to weak-minded, gullible morons. Featured image from file
Top Army Chief of Staff General Has Had It With Obama Incompetence US Herald
With the growing threat of terrorism around the world, and the increased hostilities from both the Soviet Union and North Korea, combined with a sustained and continuous policy of purging our military capabilities Army Chief of Staff Gen. Ray Odierno believes we ve reached a dangerous and pivotal tipping point. Speaking at the AUSA Institute of Land Warfare Global Force Symposium and Exposition in Huntsville, Alabama, the General said; The Army is only generating enough readiness for immediate consumption, it's incumbent on all of us to understand that further reductions simply will put us into a place we simply cannot go." However the continued purging of our military in actuality is only a part of a much wider gap that exists between the administration and those within the military. It began early within the Obama Administration with a fundamental disregard of those military commanders who provided countless strategies and sound advice in how to execute successfully our military objectives, only to be continually rebuffed and ignored, which has given rise to ISIS all across the Middle East and into North Africa. And aside from the president s astounding incompetence, there s also an unbridled arrogance that has forcibly ended the military careers of countless officers. The General went on to explain; "Today our nation is facing enormous challenges. I believe we are at a strategic inflection point," Odierno said. "Our nation is facing determined enemies across the globe that have the desire, the capabilities and with increasing capacity to threaten not only our security, but the security of our allies. We continue to witness change in velocity of instability, unforeseen just a few years ago." The Army has cut 80,000 soldiers out of the active force, reorganized and cut 13 brigade combat teams and three aviation brigades from the active component. Investment in modernization is down by 25%, Odierno said, sidelining "much-needed" infantry fighting vehicle modernization and a scout helicopter development program.
Congress MUST Act! Five Days Until Obama's Internet Giveaway [Video]
What would possess anyone to take control of the Internet away from the United States and put it under control of ICANN, composed of 182 foreign countries? That cannot bode well for freedom of speech, thought, and ideas. Senator Ted Cruz leads the fight in these videos. Congress MUST ACT NOW! As Written By Senator Ted Cruz: The Obama administration is pushing through a radical proposal to take control of Internet domains and instead give it to an international organization, ICANN, that includes 162 foreign countries. If that proposal goes through, countries like Russia, China, and Iran could be able to censor speech on the Internet, including here in the U.S. by blocking access to sites they don t like. Right now, the Obama administration s proposal to give away the Internet is an extraordinary threat to our freedom and it s one that many Americans don t know anything about. It is scheduled to go into effect September 30, 2016. Congress must act before it s too late! SEE MORE HERE: Don t Let Obama Give Away the Internet | Ted Cruz | U.S. Senator for Texas
Clemson BANS Memes Featuring Dead Gorilla Harambe Promotes Rape Culture and Racism Eagle Rising
Clemson University freshmen may no longer publicly display Harambe-related memes because they add to rape culture and can be a form of racism. The ban was allegedly inspired by an incident that occurred last week, but administrators are refusing to divulge any details. A Clemson administrator sent an email to Resident Advisors (RAs) Friday instructing them to demand that freshman remove all Harambe references from dorm hallways and windows. The administrator claimed Harambe s death has been used to add to rape culture and can be form of racism. An RA further added that any student who disobeys these instructions will be in trouble. All Harambe references are no longer allowed within our community. We are no longer allowing any reference to Harambe (or any other spelling) to be displayed on doors, halls, billboards, or windows, the instructions state. Harambe should not be displayed in a public place or a place that is viewed by the public The views expressed in this opinion article are solely those of their author and are not necessarily either shared or endorsed by EagleRising.com
How Democrats are Going to Try to STEAL the Election for Hillary Eagle Rising
In every state there is a law governing the method and procedure for conducting elections. The National Democratic Party, a powerful hate group, has been engaged in an all-out effort to steal elections, by any means available. [ Read Related Article: The Democratic Party: America s Most Powerful HATE Group As a Christian and Constitutional Conservative who has studied political science and understands what the Democrats are plotting, it is this author s contention that the party and its leaders are hell-bent to establish a socialist dictatorship in the United States, and will stop at nothing, including voter fraud, ballot stuffing, and any other illegal means to get Hillary the Horrible into the Presidency in the November, 2016 election. A proper procedure for the conduct of any free election is to encourage any and all citizens to vote. However, it is an evil abomination for anyone especially the Democratic Party, which is actively engaging in all-out efforts to rig and steal the November election for President to advocate voting procedures that encourage and enable voting fraud. The proper procedure for any election is a free but fair and honest election. Only those citizens who are properly registered and eligible to vote should be allowed to do so. This translates rather simply to requiring a simple and easy-to-obtain photo ID that is difficult to forge, that requires the voter to show proof that they are a citizen, a legal resident and eligible to vote. The Democratic Party opposes this for a very simple reason; the party wants people who are potential Democratic Party voters but not eligible, not registered, not even who they claim to be, or not even citizens to vote so the party can steal the election and install the evil, tyrannical and demonic candidate, Hillary the Horrible, to become the next and last President of the soon-to-be-extinct United States of America. Due to the unfortunate fact that the Democratic Party, the Obama administration, our treasonous Congress, and our abominably corrupt federal court system, have suppressed any and all attempts to enact laws and procedures to ensure fair and honest elections, the American people have as our only recourse in the November election, to volunteer en mass to monitor the polling places across our nation to prevent voter fraud to the greatest extent possible. Donald Trump, despite his flaws and shortcomings, has made his positions very clear, including an outstanding and patriotic, common sense speech delivered at a campaign rally on Friday, September 23; he loves this country and his mission is to save her from destruction and tyranny. The Democratic Party, America s most powerful Hate Group, not only wants Hillary the Horrible to be elected and transform America into a dictatorship and Hell on Earth, but the party will steal the election if allowed. Let us agree that November 8, 2016 is the last chance to avoid or at least delay, the destruction of our 240-year-old republic, and given the evil, corrupt and hatred of all things good that the National Democratic Party stands for, citizens in every voting precinct in America who value Constitutional Conservatism and our Judeo-Christian cultural heritage, must volunteer to monitor the election polls. If Trump is to win, and Hillary the Horrible to be defeated, we cannot allow the evil and corrupt National Democratic Party to commit fraud, which this author believes they will do with reckless abandon if not watched with a very sharp eye by the Conservative Pro-American public. The views expressed in this opinion article are solely those of their author and are not necessarily either shared or endorsed by EagleRising.com
If You Can t Run Your Own House, You Certainly Can t Run the White House Eagle Rising
A Daisy of a Rerun I am of an age which includes probably the first major political distortion in Presidential campaigning. That being the TV advertisement of an innocent little girl, sitting in a field picking daisy petals one by one, while a mushroom cloud arises in a most sinister fashion behind her. The year was 1964 and the incumbent President Lyndon B Johnson approved that message. Only problem was that he followed the course in Vietnam which he was trying to assign onto his supposedly war mongering opponent, Barry Goldwater. Today, as our history books find difficulty in revisiting Johnson s deceitful war policies, Goldwater s vindication is now generally accepted without any acknowledgment from our Nation s media. I mention this as a backdrop of our current Presidential campaign. Just maybe another daisy advertisement could be made, only this time, that little girl should be picking those daisy petals for each Clinton failure. Such a rendering, depicting reasons why Clinton is unworthy of the Presidency, would be shattering to her campaign. Obviously, this version will never make it to our living rooms yet there are rumors that a Daisy remake aimed against Trump, has been mentioned. That being said, such considerations demonstrate just how desperate are the Clinton staffers. Somehow, if those daisy petals could be offered against Clinton as I previously mentioned, its message could outweigh Goldwater s 1964 deception, when based upon the accuracy of recent events. Instead, today s voters continue to wrestle with or just ignore the printed garbage which is masquerading as news and views. With the recent about-face announcement from Ted Cruz, the media s reaction of ridicule was to be expected. Now, another unbalanced AP report unfolded, this one detailing Ted s dramatic about-face that may help unite a deeply divided Republican Party. This in addition to previous statements in which Cruz called Trump a pathological liar and utterly amoral. As the article relates, Trump countered with his nickname of Lyin Ted, insulted his wife, and linked his father to the John F. Kennedy assassination. These actual quotes were selected for public consumption for one reason and although highly slanted and selective, it grades out under the sanctions of fair journalistic fodder. Schools of journalism teach that Americans are famous for both their short memories and their short attention spans. So, is it any wonder that our media pundits often place the more critical details far into an article, even within the closing paragraph, since many readers turn off after one paragraph? Another safeguard of a derogatory story, which must unavoidably be reported is that its coverage is short-lived. I say derogatory when regarding the democratic and liberal policies and/or individuals. This exclusive slanting has been so prevalent that the liberal press moniker has now everyday acceptance. It is to this unbalance that the informed and curious must either work on their retention skills or record the scanty details from a pertinent event. This extra correlation is my fountain for the following excerpts which will never qualify for the public s re-airing. Also, the blatant public disservice, when comparing the above cited quotes verses what the AP ignores, needs no further explanation. Also, with the first debate squarely in view, the caliber of moderating will now and forever pivot upon the Candy Crowley faux pas. Especially annoying is the unchanged format and r sum s of the personnel who will rule this forum. In an effort to tone down or balance this slanted presentation, choice commentary against the protected candidate can offer a logical alternative and demonstrates reasons for its AP exclusion. These quotes become especially prominent since both commentators are democrats themselves, and who have now reversed their opinions and are vigorously campaigning for the recipient of their former objections. With that, consider the President s past considerations of today s democrat candidate, his hopeful successor, when back during the 2008 primary, Obama stated of Hillary, She will say anything and change nothing. Hillary can t be trusted and isn t qualified to be President. Obviously, the deception and the intentional abandonment, along with the two weeks of lying about Benghazi had yet to occur. Not only is this pertinent, it s damning, given the time frame. Also during that same campaign, future first lady Michelle offered this opine: If you can t run your own house, you certainly can t run the White House. Apparently, that one shortcoming continues to this day and while concerning if not pertinent, it is omitted from an equal public review. Again, wouldn t it be ironically significant to rerun that daisy commercial, only this time with documentation for each petal? That type of accounting may be even more withering than that long ago false imaging of a mushroom cloud! The views expressed in this opinion article are solely those of their author and are not necessarily either shared or endorsed by EagleRising.com
CNN s Post-Debate Rigged Poll Busted Here Are The Real Results
We re shocked SHOCKED to learn that CNN s bias is so blatant in just about everything they do, not simply in reporting the news. First came Lester Holt s unbelievably one-sided moderation of the debate in which he routinely press and even attacked Donald Trump s record and answers while leaving Hillary untouched with no mention of any of the most obvious scandals. Now CNN has upped the ante on their own bias with a poll that isn t worth paper it was printed on. According to their post-debate poll, 62% of respondents indicated that Hillary won the debate. But what CNN didn t bother to highlight is the fact that fully only 26% of those polled were Republicans. While Independents made of 33%, Democrats comprised a whopping 41% of those polled. Not to be outdone, NBC followed up with a similar poll in which there were 14% more Democrats than Republicans.
Why is it RACIST to Question Someone s Birth Certificate? Eagle Rising
The Democrats are using an intimidation tactic which they are prone to use incessantly. If you question the veracity of a black president s birth certificate you are racist. That is the outright claim of Lynn Sweet Washington Bureau Chief for the Chicago Sun-Times made on Fox News. Consider the slanted claim that if a president is black and his birth certificate is called into question the conclusion is you must be a racist. What is wrong with this obvious non-sequitur? First of all, there is evidence the birth certificate presented was altered. This is discounted by the claims that whoever presented this must be racist. Secondly, the social security number presented of Barack Obama was issued in Connecticut where there is no record of him domiciling there. Third, the hospital that issued his birth certificate in Hawaii didn t exist when it was issued. Fourth, an examination of the birth certificate produced several errors that could only be attributed to falsification. Has an unquestioned birth certificate ever been presented? No, only a cry of racism when the request is made. They can t produce an original document and they then rely on the smear of birther and racism to substantiate that which they can produce no physical evidence of. Sadly, Donald Trump has bowed to their The views expressed in this opinion article are solely those of their author and are not necessarily either shared or endorsed by EagleRising.com
Homosexual Thinks Muslims Will Accept Him, Instantly Learns How They Deal With LGBT
Once again, the religion of peace has proven to be neither peaceful nor tolerant but don t tell that to political leaders across Europe. They wouldn t listen anyway. In May of 2016, Aaron Woods, a homosexual, was the target of a truly homophobic attack, according to Brighton & Hove News. The victim, a 26-year-old from Eastbourne, was approached by a man who used homophobic language before being punched in the face and suffering a broken jaw, Sussex police reported. According to the victim s friend, Brian Markintosh, when Woods was being attacked, the assailant was shouting all this Muslim stuff Aaron was in so much pain. He was really screaming. "Gay-Bashing" Incident He s such a gentle giant. He s the kindest person you could imagine this geezer broke his jaw with a knuckleduster. He was filming the young gay guys, Markintosh added. Near the beginning of that same month, there was a similar incident to the one with Woods, in which a gay couple was attacked by two men. I am saddened to hear of the homophobic assaults in Brighton over the last two weekends, Sgt. Peter Allan said. I am pleased, however, that the victims are recovering from their physical injuries and that prompt arrests were made in both cases. No matter how you feel about them, the gay community is no doubt one of the most accepting groups out there. That being said, it would make sense that the incredibly welcoming community would fit right in with Islamic followers and their religion of peace, right? Wrong. Shariah law, the Islamic legal system, states that homosexuality is an abominable form of sexual sin punishable by death. Many American Muslims are much less orthodox, accepting society s moral evolution when it comes to things the Quran explicitly condemns and requires be punished. But in the end, radical Islam and the gay community cannot co-exist which is exactly what Aaron Woods learned, to his sorrow.
REVEALED! Minnesota Mall Attacker ID'd As One Of Hillary's Somali Muslim Refugees
A man wearing a security uniform entered a mall in St. Cloud, Minnesota on Saturday night. He began shouting Allahu Akbar as he stabbed 9 shoppers. The attacker is reported to have asked at least one victim if they were Muslim before stabbing the person. The attacker has now been identified as Somali immigrant, Dahir Adan, a Muslim. Dahir Adan Dahir Adan St. Cloud Somali-American community members are the ones who identified Adan as the terrorist, reported SC Times. On Sunday ISIS claimed that Adan was one of their own. Adan s terror attack came on the heels of a bomb being detonated at a Marine Corps race in New Jersey, a Muslim man attacking New York police with a meat cleaver, and a bomb exploding in Chelsea, Manhattan that injured 29 civilians on Saturday. Members and officials of the St. Cloud Somali community made a statement expressing support for the terrorist s family. The Somali officials said that Adan was a good man as far as they knew, and that he was an accomplished student in high school (but of course). Jason Falconer Officer Jason Falconer of the Avon, Minnesota Police Department St. Cloud Mayor Dave Kleis reported to the media that Adan was shot and killed by off-duty police officer, Jason Falconer. Kleis called Falconer a hero who happened to be in the right place at the right time. Falconer approached Adan during the stabbing spree and identified himself as an officer of the law. That s when Adan lunged at him in an attempt to stab and kill him. Officer Falconer then proceeded to send Adan to Allah where he will be greeted by his 72 virgins which surely will turn out to be pigs. Last year the Washington Times reported that Obama s administration had relocated almost 10-thousand Somali refugees to Minnesota. The Times went on to say that Somalis are targeted by terror groups such as ISIS for recruitment, and that one organization warned of attacks on American malls. THIS POPULATION IS ALSO BEING TARGETED BY ISLAMIST TERROR ORGANIZATIONS LIKE THE ISLAMIC STATE AND AL-SHABAB, A SOMALIA-BASED GROUP WITH LINKS TO AL QAEDA, ACCORDING TO U.S. OFFICIALS. AMONG MINNESOTA-BASED SOMALI-AMERICANS, AMERICAN CONVERTS TO ISLAM OR SOMALI REFUGEES, THERE HAVE BEEN NUMEROUS CONVICTIONS FOR VARIOUS LEVELS OF COLLABORATION WITH ISLAMIST TERROR GROUPS, PLUS REPORTS OF FIGHTING WITH AL-SHABAB OR OTHER ISLAMIST GROUPS. AL-SHABAB MADE A PROPAGANDA VIDEO WARNING OF AN ATTACK ON SHOPPING MALLS AROUND THE WORLD, INCLUDING THE MALL OF AMERICA IN MINNESOTA. AL-SHABAB CLAIMED RESPONSIBILITY FOR THE TERROR ATTACK ON THE WESTGATE SHOPPING MALL IN KENYA TWO YEARS AGO, WHICH LEFT 67 DEAD. In July of this year, World Net Daily reported that Somali refugees in Minnesota regularly threaten women there with kidnapping and rape. In May, Voice of America News reported that ISIS has steadily grown stronger in Somalia, and that the terror organization is now a major threat. PRO-ISLAMIC STATE SOMALI MILITANTS HAVE GROWN IN NUMBERS AND ARE RECEIVING FINANCIAL AND MILITARY SUPPORT FROM YEMEN, A TOP INTELLIGENCE OFFICIAL TOLD THE VOA SOMALI SERVICE. HE SAID ISLAMIC STATE HAS WELCOMED ITS SOMALIA BRANCH AND HAS STARTED DELIVERING SUPPLIES THROUGH THEIR AFFILIATE FACTION IN YEMEN. THEY RECEIVED MILITARY SUPPLIES FROM YEMEN WEAPONS, UNIFORM, ISIS SENT TRAINERS WHO INSPECTED THEIR BASES, AND THEY HAVE STARTED SENDING FINANCIAL SUPPORT, HE SAID. In June, three Somalians living in Minnesota were convicted of trying to join ISIS. In July, the Somali terror group al-Shabab was approached by ISIS officials in an attempt tojoin forces to attack America. Department of Homeland Security documents show that while Hillary Clinton served as Secretary of State, over 31,000 Somali refugees were relocated to the United States. U.S. issued green cards to migrants from Muslim nations over the last 5 Years If Hillary is elected, she plans on increasing the number of Muslim refugees from Syria alone by over 500%. Breitbart News reported that under a Clinton administration, the total number of Muslim refugees from all countries could top 1 million in her first term alone. It s clear that Muslim immigrants and refugees are being targeted for recruitment by ISIS and other terror groups. It s clear the damage they can do as we saw last weekend with the stabbing attack in Minnesota. Men & women, minding their own business, had their faces slashed open, and were stabbed repeatedly by a single ISIS convert. And Hillary Clinton wants to import hundreds of thousands more of these potential terrorist scum. Hillary cannot be allowed to become president. Under her rule, terror attacks on U.S. citizens will increase exponentially. All because she and the DNC want to pander to Islamists in the hope that they will vote Democratic, and that their party will continue to rule. A vote for Hillary is a vote for ISIS and other terror groups who are hell bent on killing American men, women, and children. Don t vote for ISIS Hillary on November 8th. Vote Trump to Keep America Safe, and to send these terrorist pieces of sh-t back to Allah where they belong. Selah. From Freedom Daily
NYC Terrorist Ahmad Rahami Sued Police Department for Religious Persecution in 2011! Freedom Daily
196 SHARES Facebook Twitter For a little over a decade today s millennials have been described as being part of the everyone gets a trophy generation. Effort and standards are a thing of the past, so much so that even the standard to be a victim is at historic lows. Would you believe that the man behind Saturday s NJ and NYC bombings once claimed to be a victim of Islamophobia? This was allegedly such a problem that the attacker Ahmad Khan Rahami and his father once sued the police in Elizabeth New Jersey for discrimination, and also accused other members of the community of discrimination based on religion. The journalists over at the Daily Mail did some digging into the lawsuit, and here s what they found (courtesy of Louder With Crowder): The prime suspect in the New York and New Jersey bombings sued his local police force and claimed they were persecuting him for being a Muslim. Ahmad Rahami said in a lawsuit that cops in Elizabeth, New Jersey subjected his and his family to discrimination and selective enforcement based on their religion. The family claimed that police tried to shut down their chicken restaurant, called First American, too early each night with baseless tickets and summonses. Ahmad, 28, his father Mohammad Sr, 53, and his brother Mohammad, brought the lawsuit together and said that local residents also racially abused them and said: Muslims don t belong here . The lawsuit was filed in 2011 and reveals that Ahmad has a long history of grievances with city officials, their local police force and people who lived close to them. No, you re not living in an episode of the Twilight Zone right now, this is real life. Mayor Christian Bollwage insisted to The New York Times that there was no such discrimination. It was neighbor complaints, it had nothing to do his with ethnicity or religion, Bollwage said, adding, It had to do with noise and people congregating on the streets. Rahami s family owns a fried chicken restaurant in Elizabeth, NJ called First American Fried Chicken. This is also the same town where five bombs were found at a train station Monday morning. His lawsuit went nowhere, so apparently his strategy in that particular case was that if you can t beat them in the courts: bomb them instead. Welcome to Obama s America where even an Islamic terrorist can play the victim! How insane is this? Get the word out share this post on Facebook and Twitter.
Fast Food CEO Threatens To Fire Everyone If A Democrat Wins The Presidency
For decades, employers have been holding America hostages with threats of taking their business elsewhere if we don t vote the way they want. Of course, what generally happens when we vote the way they want is that we get screwed anyway. Jobs get outsourced, wages remain stagnant and regulations stop being enforced. It hasn t been since, well, the last presidential election, though, that we ve seen a CEO be quite as blatant about what his plans are if his side (Republican) loses. Four years ago, it was Papa John Schnatter, who threatened to cut his employees hours and raise the price of pizzas if Obamacare went through. It did and he didn t. This year, another fast food mogul is making news for treating to hurt the economy if he doesn t get his way. Andy Puzder is the CEO of Carl s Jr. and Hardee s. Here s one of his commercials, which may not be safe for work: Judging by the commercials, like Donald Trump, Puzder likely cares little about political correctness. But that s not the reason he wants a Republican in office. He just doesn t want to pay people more, or at all. In an Op-Ed in the Wall Street Journal, Puzder says that if a Democrat wins, either Democrat, he will fully automate his stores. Speaking about an automated fast food system named Eatsa, Puzder wrote: I want to try it, CEO Andy Puzder told Business Insider of his automated restaurant plans. We could have a restaurant that s focused on all-natural products and is much like an Eatsa, where you order on a kiosk, you pay with a credit or debit card, your order pops up, and you never see a person. With government driving up the cost of labor, it s driving down the number of jobs, he says. You re going to see automation not just in airports and grocery stores, but in restaurants. This is the problem with Bernie Sanders, and Hillary Clinton, and progressives who push very hard to raise the minimum wage, says Puzder. Does it really help if Sally makes $3 more an hour if Suzie has no job? Source: Yahoo Finance This threat is probably less about you and me than about his employees. Across the country, Puzder has about 20,000 employees. He s hoping he can convince his employees and the millions of other minimum wage and fast food employees across the nation to vote against their own interests. Puzder also has his own blog, where he writes a lot about politics and the joys of capitalism. One has to wonder if his 20,000 employees are quite as joyful about capitalism as he is. Puzder is doing just fine. In 2012, it was reported that he made nearly $4.5 million. His profits have been up in recent years, but his employees don t see any of that. In fact, Puzder is famous for making big stink every time an opportunity to rip off his employees is denied. You can guarantee, though, that even if a Republican wins the White House and the minimum wage stays the same, Puzder will still be automating. That s just the way he is: profits over people.
BREAKING: WikiLeaks Releases Proof Hillary Lied and The FBI Covered It Up
The FBI has issued a letter stating they are investigating new evidence in the case against Hillary Clinton s use of a private e-mail server. The new evidence was discovered during an investigation into Anthony Weiner, who was caught sexting with a 15-year old girl, and who is the estranged husband of Clinton s top aide Huma Abedin. Apparently, Abedin and Weiner shared a laptop that potentially contained tens of thousands of e-mails from Abedin, including e-mails she forwarded to herself from Hillary s e-mail account which were not turned into the FBI. What this might mean is many of the deleted Hillary e-mails were likely just recovered by the FBI. If any of the e-mails are work related or classified that means both Hillary and Huma Abedin lied to the FBI during their original investigation. Lying to the FBI is illegal, and that alone is enough to prosecute Hillary Clinton and Huma Abedin irregardless of the other potential violations of the law that were committed. This story is still developing, but considering the fact the FBI released this letter just 11-days before the election means they found something serious. On July 5th, 2016, FBI Director James Comey laid out the evidence against Hillary Clinton s use of a private e-mail server, and mishandling of classified information, but shockingly did not recommend charges be brought against her. Since then, many high ranking officials within the FBI and other intelligence agencies have expressed dismay, and disgust with Director Comey s decision. Meanwhile, many military and tech industry experts have expressed similar concerns. Some going as far as claiming the decision has irreparably harmed the reputation of the FBI. A high-ranking FBI official told Fox News that while it might not have been a unanimous decision, It was unanimous that we all wanted her [Clinton s] security clearance yanked. It is safe to say the vast majority felt she should be prosecuted, the senior FBI official told Fox News. We were floored while listening to the FBI briefing because Comey laid it all out, and then said but we are doing nothing, which made no sense to us. Fox News UPDATE October 17, 2016: The FBI has released a 100 page summary pertaining to the FBI investigation into Hillary Clinton s private e-mail server. The documents claim a State Department official pressured the FBI into declassifying information in one of Clinton s e-mails in exchange for extra agents at foreign dipolmoatic posts. Both the FBI and State Department deny the deal was ever struck. The FBI summary also revealed a number of other questionable issues including a group of State Department officials that some called The Shadow Government who met weekly to discuss Freedom of Information requests related to Hillary Clinton. As well as discussions concerning security protocols and procedures which were regularly breached by Hillary Clinton, and her staff as Secretary of State. There was even one incident where Clinton ignored security advice that placed Clinton, her staff, the media and her security detail in unnecessary danger in order to conduct a photo opportunity for her election campaign . BBC News UPDATE October 25, 2016: According to the The Wall Street Journal, a longtime Clinton supporter donated nearly $500,000 to an FBI Official s wife who later investigated Hillary Clinton s use of a private e-mail server. Uncovering the Cover Up: Reddit Exposes Paul Combetta In September of 2016, several Reddit users exposed the identity of Reddit user stonetear , as Paul Combetta, an IT Specialist who worked on Hillary Clinton s private e-mail server. In fact, Mr. Combetta was granted immunity by the Justice Department for his involvement in the investigation, even though Paul Combetta was complicit in permanently deleting over 33,000 e-mails from Clinton s private e-mail server. Mr. Combetta posted a question on r/exchangeserver asking the community how to strip the e-mail address of a VIP from a bunch of archived e-mails. It was assumed at the time that the VIP being referenced in the post was Hillary Clinton. However, new evidence released today suggests the VIP was in fact the President of the United States of America. Wikileaks Podesta E-mails Release 7: October 14, 2016 On March 4, 2015, just hours after Hillary Clinton had been issued a subpoenaed by the Justice Department, John Podesta, the Chairman of the Hillary Clinton campaign, sent an e-mail to Cheryl Mills, an attorney who works for the Clinton campaign: From:john.podesta@gmail.com To: cheryl.mills@gmail.com Date: 2015 03 04 20:41 Subject: Special Category Think we should hold emails to and from potus? That s the heart of his exec privilege. We could get them to ask for that. They may not care, but I seems like they will. In other words, those deleted 33,000 e-mails we keep hearing about contain Hillary Clinton s communications with President Obama. Which means both Hillary Clinton, and Obama lied to the FBI, Justice Department, Congress, and the American people. We now have definitive proof Obama was communicating with Hillary Clinton on her private e-mail server, and knew she was using a private e-mail server despite his claims otherwise. UPDATE October 25, 2016: Wikileaks Podesta E-mails Release 18 Confirms Intent of Cover Up On March 7th, President Obama lied to the press and told the American people he found about Hillary Clinton s private e-mail server at the same time as the public. Cheryl Mills, an attorney for the Clinton campaign, then e-mails John Podesta the same day a longtime Clinton supporter donated nearly $500,000 to an FBI Official s wife who later investigated Hillary Clinton s use of a private e-mail server. Fwd: POTUS on HRC emails From:cheryl.mills@gmail.com To: john.podesta@gmail.com Date: 2015 03 07 21:41 Subject: Fwd: POTUS on HRC emails we need to clean this up he has emails from her they do not say state.gov Forwarded message Begin forwarded message: *From:* Josh Schwerin wrote: I find it odd the NYT didn t actually quote the President saying what s in their headline. Especially since the story has a disbelieving tone to his not noticing. One of us should connect with the WH just so they know that the email will show his statement to not make sense. I m happy to do so to Josh Earnest since Jen is in a weird position, unless Cheryl or John you want to (or already have) with someone else. But it s not unreasonable to assume that Josh is going to get asked how this was possible, and he should have the factset. Especially if it s some weird technical thing with the President s email setup that he doesn t see addresses. To make matters even worse for the cover up, in another leaked e-mail, Erika Rottenberg, another Clinton attorney, admits Hillary Clinton personally deleted many of the e-mails herself without oversight. I know when I talk to my friends who are attorneys we are all struggling with what happened to the emails and aren t satisfied with answers to date. While we all know of the occasional use of personal email addresses for business, none of my friends circle can understand how it was viewed as ok/secure/appropriate to use a private server for secure documents AND why further Hillary took it upon herself to review them and delete documents without providing anyone outside her circle a chance to weigh in. It smacks of acting above the law and it smacks of the type of thing I ve either gotten discovery sanctions for, fired people for, etc. The reason FBI Director Comey did not press charges against Hillary Clinton was due to a lack of intent. He made the argument that Hillary Clinton was not subverting the law for any malicious intent, and therefore did not commit a provable crime. However, that was before the American people knew that Hillary Clinton was using a private insecure e-mail server to communicate with President Obama, and before we had proof that Hillary Clinton deleted e-mails personally. She also instructed Paul Combetta to remove evidence of the e-mails permanently, and did so after she had been subpoenaed by the Justice Department. This proves her intent to willfully and maliciously deleted evidence to protect both herself, and her boss, President Obama. This suggests the White House illegally subverted the FBI investigation and forced them not to press charges knowing if she faced a judge she would have to reveal the President s communications with her. Meanwhile, by protecting Hillary, the White House was able to ensure she was the nominee to maintain the cover up. By securing the White House for another 4-years it will prevent the American people from ever finding out what is contained in those 33,000 e-mails. When you consider these facts, as well as the other revelations within the Podesta e-mails on Wikileaks, it is clear the main stream media is also colluding with the Clinton campaign, and the White House. In effect, the White House is using the main stream media to elect Clinton in an attempt to protect their legacy, and hide the truth from the FBI, Congress, and the American people. Timeline of Events: March 2, 2015: The New York Times breaks the story that Clinton used a personal e-mail account while Secretary of State. March 4, 2015: The Benghazi committee issues a subpoena requiring preservation of all e-mails. March 7, 2015: Barack Obama states he only learned about the private e-mail server through news reports at the same time as everybody. March 7, 2015: 15:41:16 -0800 (PST) Cheryl Mills writes EMAIL ID 31077 as revealed by Podesta Emails Part 18: we need to clean this up he has emails from her they do not say state.gov. March 7, 2015: Hillary Surrogate Terry McCauliffe met with the FBI agent who oversaw the Clinton e-mail case and his wife and promised financial support ($500k+) if she ran for office. Wall Street Journal March, 25 31, 2015: Paul Cobetta, a Platte River Networks employee, permanently and irreversibly deletes the email archive using a software called BleachBit likely under orders from Cheryl Mills after receiving advice on Reddit on how to delete e-mails for a VIP . The evidence under congressional subpoena is completely destroyed, including the Presidents e-mails.
Angela Merkel Admits Bringing In Muslim Refugees Was A Big Fat Mistake
Germany s chancellor Angela Merkel has been the biggest proponent of bringing in as many Syrian refugees as possible, adopting a literal open borders policy to bring in the migrants. This quickly turned into a horror show, as crime was unleashed onto German cities, with thousands of sexual assaults and other violent crimes were reported over the last year. The German people had apparently had enough of this rampant crime in Germany, because they just dealt a crushing blow to Merkel s conservative Democrat party and voted them out by a large margin. Merkel then took to the stage to backtrack as much as she could, citing that the migrant crisis could have been avoided, and that she regrets the mistake she made, also referring to multiculturalism as a living lie. According to the Daily Mail, Speaking to the party faithful at its annual conference, she repeated her catchphrase from throughout the migrant crisis, we can do this , but effectively admitted Germany could only cope if she wrestled back control of the influx. A continuation of the current influx would in the long-term overwhelm the state and society, even in a country like Germany, she said. The leader, once known as the Iron Chancellor , won rapturous applause after announcing the volte face. However, she resisted calls to set a limit on the number of arrivals. We want to, and we will, noticeably reduce the number of refugees, she told the conference in Karlsruhe. With an approach focused on the German, European and global level, we will succeed in regulating and limiting migration. Here she is, saying that multiculturalism is a living lie. Yes, of course, when you bring in thousands of people who have ideologies that are incompatible with Western values, it s not great for a free society. But as long as these flip-flopping opportunistic politicians act as if they re not a part of the problem, then we will never get anywhere. Beware, America. Beware. (Source: Daily Mail)
DISGUSTING! Because Of Hillary & Obama, NY Terrorist Will Get Better Treatment Than US Vets! Freedom Daily
8.1k SHARES Facebook Twitter What a sign of the times it is when the terrorist who planted and detonated a number of explosives in New Jersey and New York City Saturday will be receiving better care than our own veterans who ve fought to protect ourselves from men like him. It sounds unreal, but that s the truth in Obama s America. We re all aware of the scandal at the Veteran s Administration that broke back in 2014, which showed that the VA had inhumanely long waiting lists, and even went as far as to cover up the true extent of their inefficiency. Trump pointed out this sick truth at a campaign speech he gave today. As BizPacReview reported: We have caught this evil thug who planted the bomb, he said of (the terrorist) Rahami. Thank you, law enforcement. Thank you, police. Then he launched in to the part the haters predictably found fault with. But the bad part, now we will give him amazing hospitalization. He will be taken care of by some of the best doctors in the world, said Trump. He will be given a fully modern and updated hospital room. And he ll probably even have room service, knowing the way our country is. And on top of all of that, he will be represented by an outstanding lawyer. Watch below: Wouldn t it be nice if our Veterans received the same treatment? Instead, over 300,000 have died while waiting from care from the VA. There are also a number of veterans who have committed suicide either waiting for direct care or psychological care a number of such suicides happening in VA parking lots. We can provide state of the art medical care to a man who tried to slaughter innocent Americans don t you think it s time the government gets its act together and starts providing it to those returning from the battlefield? I can t imagine what it would feel like being one of the doctors using your time to rescue a man who died in a shootout with police, who had tried to massacre countless Americans due to his religious ideology. Admittedly, I think I d be tempted to make a medical error or two.
DESPICABLE! Hillary Wants To Put Hero Cop Who Stopped Mall Terror Attack Out Of BUSINESS Freedom Daily
5.2k SHARES Facebook Twitter Jason Falconer, the NRA-certified firearms instructor and off-duty police officer, who shot the ISIS terrorist who stabbed eight people in St. Cloud, Minnesota, is someone that Hillary Clinton wants to put out of business. In fact, it s one of the primary things she intends to do first if she is elected president. This is a brave man who saved countless lives by taking out a Jihadist. The same kind of Islamic refugee that Barack Obama and Hillary Clinton just love to death. Falconer owns Tactical Advantage Firearms Training, Inc. which is one of those businesses that Clinton just despises because it has to do with guns, training people how to safely use weapons and is a protector and promoter of our Second Amendment rights. This is one of the biggest reasons not to ever vote for Hillary Clinton EVER. From Bearing Arms: We told you this morning how USPSA Shooter, 3-Gunner, and NRA-certified firearms instructor Jason Falconer shot and killed a 22-year-old Somali immigrant who went on a stabbing rampage inside a St. Cloud, (MN) Mall on Saturday, saving countless lives. What we didn t tell you is that Hillary Clinton wants to bankrupt Falconer, driving him out of the business of saving lives. Falconer is the president and owner of Tactical Advantage, LLC and Tactical Advantage Firearms Training, Inc. His business interests all revolve around training law-abiding citizens to carry concealed firearms for self-defense to protect themselves and loved ones from criminal predators (and apparently terrorists). If elected President, Hillary Clinton will do everything in her power to see Jason Falconer driven out of business and into bankruptcy. Falconer s Tactical Advantage, LCC, is a full-service training facility with a firing range, gun rentals, firearms training and gun sales to law-abiding citizens. It is American as apple pie and one that I love. The 2005 Protection of Lawful Commerce in Arms Act (PLCAA) provides limited legal protection to businesses such as Falconer s to protect them from frivolous lawsuits that would take them under. Clinton wants to do away with PLCAA, removing that protection and exposing the business to radical lawfare. Clinton repeatedly and falsely claims that PLCAA offers gunmakers and dealers immunity. It s an outrageous falsehood and is vintage Clinton. She hates the Second Amendment and will do all she can to quash and eliminate it. She is the single biggest threat to our right to bear arms we have ever faced as a nation. Jason Falconer has spent his entire life protecting his fellow citizens, first as a law enforcement officer and then when concealed carry became legal in Minnesota, he took the initiative to create a firearms training company and then a range and retail shop in order to provide the best possible self-defense training to others that he could. Hillary Clinton wants to take that away and destroy all of it. The fact that he took down an Islamic extremist probably makes her hate him all the more. Just say no to Hillary Clinton, so heroes like Falconer are celebrated, not punished.
UNFIT! Look What Hillary Needed To Get Up The Stairs At Her Rally Today! Freedom Daily
978 SHARES Facebook Twitter I don t recall in any Presidential election where the candidates health was headline news almost every day. Not only is Hillary Clinton s health constantly making headline, but it s also commonly a part of Presidential polls. The polls continue to show a Hillary decline as Hillary continues to show a health decline. Here are the top takeaways from the poll: More than 40% of registered voters now believe that Clinton is in either below average or very poor health, according to the survey of 1,501 people taken between September 12 and 13. That s a sharp departure from another Morning Consult poll taken just at the end of August, when only 26% of respondents thought her health was subpar. The share of voters who think Clinton s health is average remained relatively flat at 28% in the new survey. By contrast, the percentage of the electorate who think Trump is in either above average or excellent health actually ticked upwards from late August, from 33% to 36% (just 22% believe the same of Clinton). Voters are also keenly aware of the story, with just under 8 in 10 respondents saying they had heard either a lot or some about Clinton s potential medical issues. While Hillary Clinton is only 68 years-old, she s one of those people you look at and guess their age wrong by a decade. My mom is in her 60 s too but looks 20 years younger than Hillary, at least. Usually looking old or looking older than your age is a result of a hard life of drug use or serious medical problems. I can t see Hillary as a hard drug user but lately I have grown suspicious of Hillary s health. The suspicion isn t from one particular thing, it s from a long list of strange behaviors that have created concern with the press. At one point it was reported that Hillary was taking Coumadin which led to speculation of a stroke and other malady s. It was discovered that she had her executive staff conduct a research of Provigil, which is a controlled drug often prescribed for patients suffering from Parkinson s, Alzheimer s, and Multiple Sclerosis. Even her assistant Huma Abedin was caught talking about Hillary getting confused and needing naps , of which she was probably severely punished. And then there are the videos and pictures of her looking like she passed out, looking like she stumbled, the coughing fits. Recently, another damning picture came out with Hillary unable to get up stairs alone. While this picture alone wouldn t mean anything, there are a plethora of pictures with people holding her up in some way. Another of the many pictures where she is physically being helped up the stairs. Then there are pictures like this where Hillary is literally being held up while talking. It would be more rare to find a picture of Hillary not holding onto someone s arm. Here s an interesting video on how the video of Hillary Passing out at the 9/11 Memorial is being taken down from the internet, page after page. It is obvious that Hillary is hiding something and her people are doing everything they can to not let the truth get out. If you see the pictures of her rallies, there are not many people. I believe that the events are purposely NOT being promoted so that her voter don t see her in person because she looks awful. And of course the coughing pictures, America has never been so obsessed with someone coughing. She might be the coughingest candidate to run for any office in the US, ever. Not one pic or video of her coughing but nearly every speech she gives she s gasping for air. It s incredibly alarming to have such a sickly candidate because she could be the next *Cough Cough HmHmm Uck Khoff Khak Khak Gack *GASP excuse me, President of the United States.
HILLARY ON DISABLED CHILDREN During Easter Egg Hunt: "When are they going to get those f*g ree-tards out of here?" * 100percentfedUp.com
Dolly Kyle has written a scathing tell all book exposing the sickening hidden truth about Bill and Hillary Clinton. Hillary s war on just about anyone who is beneath her, or who would dare to get in the way of her ascent to the White House. When will the media do their job and report the truth about this horrible opportunist? Dolly Kyle who was just 11 when she first crossed paths with Bill, dated him through high school and began sleeping with him once they graduated published the claims about the Clinton couple s racial epithets and politics in her new book, Hillary: The Other Woman, published by WND Books. She writes of one occasion, when developmentally challenged children were having difficulty picking up the eggs at a traditional Easter egg hunt on the grounds of the governor s mansion during Bill s tenure in the Arkansas state house. Reluctant hostess Hillary had enough. The frustrated Me-First Lady demanded, When are they going to get those f*****g ree-tards out of here? Dolly writes. When Hillary arrived in Arkansas, Dolly writes, she looked down her nose at what she viewed as ignorant hillbillies . She was raised in a middle-class suburb in Illinois and considered herself above the southerners unless she was campaigning in New York state where she declared herself to be a lifelong Yankees fan. Hillary didn t belong in Arkansas but here she was . In the governor s mansion for eight years, Bill and Hillary were both getting tired of the routine and frustrations of the small Southern state and Bill opted out of running for reelection in 1990. He was marking his time until he could make a move for the White House. Via: Daily Mail
No WAY! Liberal Judge Just Made A Law For Black Males To Do This DISGUSTING Thing To Cops Freedom Daily
4.4k SHARES Facebook Twitter I can t even. This is absolute madness and as hard as I m trying to process this nonsense in my head, I just can t wrap my brain around it. I have no doubt that things are about to get really messy. I cannot say that I don t understand the Judge after reading the report. There are some black Americans that have a legit fear of Police Officers and their first instinct is to run. It s just is this really the only way to remedy that? There are two sides to this coin, and the judge is only reviewing one of them. It s going to blow up in his face. In Massachusetts, a judge just ruled a special law into play for black males. This ruling came from Supreme Court, therefore it stands as is without appeal. The problem is, are the citizens of MA now in more danger because of it? You be the judge of that. The job of a Police Officer is a whole other level of all things dangerous then any civilian could ever imagine. They are not shoes that just anyone can put themselves in and understand the burden they have to carry in their position. It s not possible. You can only live that life, to understand that life. That fact, just makes the brutal attack on them, even more unfair. As if their job wasn t already hard enough in Obama s America, now a judge has granted an advantage to the people of Massachusetts. If they feel that they are being disproportionately targeted, they can run. Yes, run from the Police Officer, who now can do nothing about it. To add to that, the fact that they ran, cannot be used against them in court either. Up until now, if someone took off and ran at the scene of a crime, that s reasonable suspicion and used as reason for a Police Officer to detain the individual at least for a short period of time to investigate. Now, it s not important to get evidence when it s fresh, because it could hurt a thug s feelings. Basically, Police who exist to protect and serve, can no longer truly protect or serve if there s a runner. Which let s be real, what thug doesn t run? Punchline: The law abiding ones! I m so funny. You re welcome.
Clinton's Exploited Haiti Earthquake to Steal Billions of Dollars from the Sick and Starving Freedom Daily
0 SHARES Facebook Twitter Bernard Sansaricq, former president of the Haitian Senate, issued a blistering statement condemning the Clinton Foundation, which has been posted at Donald Trump s campaign website. Sansaricq s statement says: Sadly, when an earthquake rocked the nation of Haiti in 2010, corruption moved in faster than the help so desperately needed. Today, the people of Haiti are still suffering despite the billions of dollars that have flowed into the Clinton Foundation. The Clintons exploited this terrible disaster to steal billions of dollars from the sick and starving people of Haiti. The world trusted the Clintons to help the Haitian people during their most desperate time of need and they were deceived. The Clintons and their friends are richer today while millions still live in tents. The world deserves to know where the money went and why help was never sent. The situation Sansaricq refers to is discussed in detail here, and also features prominently in Peter Schweizer s book Clinton Cash: The Untold Story of How and Why Foreign Governments and Businesses Helped Make Bill and Hillary Rich. Speaking at a Trump rally last Friday, Sansaricq accused President Bill Clinton of trying to bribe him. He said his visa was revoked after he refused the offer. A group of Haitian protesters demonstrated against the Clinton Foundation s actions in Haiti during the Democratic National Convention in Philadelphia
BOOM! Merkel Admits Flooding Germany With Muslim Refugees
6.6k SHARES Facebook Twitter German Chancellor Angela Merkel finally admitted to the press that if she could go back in time to change her stance on her open migrant policy she would. She is also admitting she is willing to consider a new policy direction. Merkel told the media at a press conference, If I knew what change in refugee policy the people in Germany want, I would be prepared to consider it. These comments came shortly after the defeat of the Christian Democratic Union in Berlin s Sunday elections. She also said, If I could, I would go back in time to be better prepared for the refugee crisis in 2015, for which we were rather unprepared. She took responsibility for the poor election results after finding out the results of the Mecklenburg-Vorpommern election. Callying the defeat bitter and saying that she took full responsibility as the parties leader and as the countries leader. The results of the edition are considered to be as a result of the anti migrant sentiment many Germans now have. As well as the rise of the anti mass migration Alternative for Germany known as AfD. These factors have forced Merkel to at least consider a change in her stance. Regardless of her new admission she all but flat out dismissed the possibility that she would actually implement the change she says she deeply regrets. In other words it is all talk and no walk. She is willing to regret because it makes her look good but not enough to actually implement the change people so desperately want. However, she did say she would not embrace the critiques and criticisms of the Christian Social Union. They have notoriously called for a cap on the migrants coming into Germany each year. They specifically want to cap it at 200,000. As well, they want to prioritize Christian migrants over Muslims. But Merkle will not budge on that. Merkel stated, If people don t want Muslim asylum-seekers purely because of their religion, that is contrary to our party principles and to Germany s. The CDU and I cannot go along with that. Christian Social Union party leader Horst Seehofer threatened to withdraw support for Merkle during her 2017 campaign. Specifically for not implementing the migrant cap. The campaign will be in the federal election. He said, It is high time we find common ground to survive at the next election. The growing anti migrant atmosphere has been a direct result of an increase in terrorism, increasing migrant crime as well as violent crime. Which people automatically associate with more incoming refugees. Understandably so. If it ain t broke don t fix it. This could perhaps be an indicator as well that she could lose in the next federal election. Or at least win by an only marginal amount. Serves her right considering her policies are as progressive as President Obama s and Hillary Clinton s. She is no different which is why many Americans too cannot stand her.
SICK! Muslim Refugee Beats, Urinates On Pregnant Woman After Seeing What She Has Freedom Daily
1.6k SHARES Facebook Twitter Muslim Somali asylum seeker, Abdullah, in Sundsvall, Sweden is a bastard! Abdullah is well-known by police for his multiple convictions of violent crimes, assaults and molestations. This aggressive piece of garbage has been collecting welfare benefits and committing crimes since he came to Sweden 5 years ago. His most recent crime wasn t to any stranger this time it was to his wife. He had gone out to party with friends one night after a long hard day of doing nothing but living off taxpayers money. Before he left he commanded (not suggested) his wife that her niece she was babysitting MUST be gone before he returned from his night of pleasure. Because he beat her regularly she knew that he meant it. The story takes a sad turn when he returns home and sees that the niece is still there so his Muslim right to punish his PREGNANT wife for her disobedience comes into play. He forced her to the ground so he could kick her in the head and stomach. He then proceeded to humiliate her further by pouring beer all over her. That is strange to me since Muslims aren t supposedly suppose to have alcohol, I wonder why it was there in the first place. He then finished off her humiliation by pulling down his pants and soaking her hair and body with his urine. Thank you Mohammad for your wise words on how to treat a disobedient woman. Especially when pregnant. Quran 4:34 So righteous women are devoutly obedient, guarding in [the husband s] absence what Allah would have them guard. But those [wives] from whom you fear arrogance [first] advise them; [then if they persist], forsake them in bed; and [finally], strike them. But if they obey you [once more], seek no means against them. Indeed, Allah is ever Exalted and Grand. Just in case there was any doubt as to the proper interpretation of beat them, the Islamic prophet Muhammad modeled it literally, telling a visibly battered woman to return to her husband and fulfill his sexual desires and later striking his favorite wife in the chest. I wonder where it says you can pick and choose WHICH edicts from the Quran and hadith you want to obey? This guy is swilling alcohol and abandoning his wife at night but gets to come home and beat her with his hands and fists. I believe the Quran instructs to only beat her with a switch but I guess this nasty louse missed going to mosque too many times OR someone is writing yet another instruction book of terror for Muslims which he is following.
Republicans Push Bill To Legalize Voter Intimidation To Help Trump In Pennsylvania
Pennsylvania Republicans are trying to jam a bill through the statehouse that would go into effect immediately to allow voter intimidation across the state on Election Day in support of Donald Trump. First proposed in June, House Bill 29 would give outsiders the ability to watch the polls in districts in which they do not reside and would give them the power to challenge voters, which would disrupt the voting process and cause delays that could prevent people from exercising their right to vote. In other words, it would legalize voter intimidation. As Brennan Center for Justice counsel Adam Gitlin told ProPublica earlier this month, poll watchers, especially those who decide they are going to challenge voters based on their race or religion, could throw a damaging wrench in the democratic process. There s actually a risk that, in a more disorganized way, people are going to be showing up to the polls, they won t know the law, and they ll be engaging in discriminatory challenges, Gitlin said. That can create the potential for a lot of disruption, longer lines because each voter takes longer to vote, and potentially discouraging and intimidating voters from coming to the polls. As we all know, conservatives who support Trump are racists who think their brand of Christianity should be the law of the land, so it is likely they will challenge every black and Latino voter they see as well as any voter they think is a Muslim. And that s exactly what Republican nominee Donald Trump wants. We re going to watch Pennsylvania, Trump declared during a rally in the state last month. Go down to certain areas and watch and study and make sure other people don t come in and vote five times. If you do that, we re not going to lose. The only way we can lose, in my opinion I really mean this, Pennsylvania is if cheating goes on. Trump even has a place on his website where his supporters can sign up to be poll watchers to Stop Crooked Hillary From Rigging This Election! In response to Trump s claim that the election will be rigged against him, Pennsylvania Republicans have tacked an amendment on the bill that would make it go into effect immediately if it is passed and signed by the governor. Originally, it was only going to go into effect 60 days after passage. With the polls showing a close race heading into the first debate, Pennsylvania is even more important now. But voter intimidation could tip the scales significantly in Trump s favor and effect races down the ticket. In short, Trump and the Republicans are trying to steal the election by making a form of cheating completely legal. And if it works in Pennsylvania you can bet that Republicans will make sure such tactics are legalized everywhere else. Featured Image: Jeff Swensen/Getty Images
Female Muslim-American Olympian Bashes U.S.A. Goes Off The Hinges About Why America Sucks! Freedom Daily
131.1k SHARES Facebook Twitter Well tell us how you really feel. Normally when a Muslim bashes the USA, you wouldn t think that they re an American themselves. Such wasn t the case when it came to American Olympian fencer Ibtihaj Muhammad,who became the first American to compete in an Olympic games wearing a Hijab. As it turns out, she has some nasty things to say about the country she s representing. According to her, as quoted by The Federalist Papers: [I feel unsafe] all the time. I had someone follow me home from practice and try to report me to police. And this is right on 28th and 7th in New York City I want people to know that as hard as [these racist incidents] are on me, they don t come even close to things we ve seen like the shooting in North Carolina or the rhetoric around the Khan family at the DNC. It s ridiculous and we as a country have to change and I feel like this is our moment. How terrible but let s not pretend that we live in an Islamophobic country when the number of hate crimes against Jews is a multiple of those against Muslims. If she thinks America is so terrible, why doesn t she move to a Muslim country? I think we all know the answer because no where else in the world do Muslims have it as good as they do in America. She s not going to be stoned to death in America. She s not going to have her genitals mutilated in America. She s not going to be prevented from drinking alcohol in America. She s not going to have her hand cut off if she were caught stealing in America. When that s what she faces if she were to live in a Muslim country, I think she can deal with a single incident of racial profiling.
Charlotte Thugs Leaves Cop s Body With Disgusting Thing They Did... Freedom Daily
4.3k SHARES Facebook Twitter Charlotte riots have gone mad. The idiots there turned a peaceful protest into a firey loot-filled war zone all because a black cop shot a black thug with a gun. Go figure. They can t even play the race card on this one, but they ll still wreck a town for no reason. It makes sense now that the thugs in Charlotte would do an unthinkably and inhumane act such as gather around an injured cop and throw shady laughter in his direction. What did that particular cop do to deserve being injured and insulted? Nothing. But thugs wanna be thugs, so this is what they do. Rather than get a job and start a family, these losers knock up overweight women, make multuple kids, avoid childsupport payments like the plague, and have an alarm clock that goes off everytime a black man is shot by police. Ding ding! The looter alarm sounds and all the jobless, no-daddy, thug-a-bee losers swarm the streets and cause chaotic violence. Why? Because another black man was an idiot who didn t listen to police. That must mean it s time for the Charlotte thugs to riot, loot, and lynch white people. These thugs are such losers that they assaulted a CNN reporter. The Charlotte thugs are so stupid that they don t even know CNN is a mostly leftist outlet that would probably milk the teet of every Black Lives Matter thug. Madworld News Rioters swarmed this man s injured body and laughed at his suffering until his backup arrived to break them up and get the hurt cop medical attention. While they were addressing this situation, the animals went on to riot which eventually turned into one thug shooting and killing another. It s okay with the BLM for a black thug to shoot another black man, but for a black cop to shoot one as a trained response to a threatening situation, all hell breaks loose. This proves that they don t know what they are rioting for, because if black lives mattered to them as much as they claim they do, they wouldn t be killing each other during the protest of a black criminal having been killed. If I saw a cop knocked to the ground and injured, then I d probably pick them up. I know if they saw me laying on the floor in pain that they d be the first person to run towards me and lift me up. Black Lives Matter supporters are uneducated ingrates who are most likely fatherless children of irresponsible breeding in the urban community. They re the extremely violent thugs of America who, in between beating innocent people, also like to steal from stores and burn down businesses. Black Lives Matter supporters are the worst people of America. They re a disgrace to humanity and they make black people look guilty by association. They call white people racist just because they re white. They attack people just because they re white. They call every white person racist because we were born without dark pigment. How is a a fetus supposed to control the color of their skin? They can t. But as we grow, we learn how to control our body, emotions, thoughts, and actions. I judge Black Lives Matter thugs and supporters on their actions and NOT the color of their skin. Based off what I ve seen so far, I can proudly say F*ck Black Lives Matter and the hoopty they drove in on.
Obama Told Americans That Their Freedom Is Over And
5.2k SHARES Facebook Twitter President Obama has always been a far left borderline socialist progressive liberal. Their is no denying that. Why else would he push such ridiculous polices such as the Affordable Care Act, gun control, and an ever increasing acceptance number of refugees. Well apparently he has not changed his tune. Because President Obama appeared at his final United Nations General Assembly meeting to give his final speech as a sitting President. While there he said some absolutely ridiculous things about American freedom that will have most Americans absolutely flabbergasted at. During his speech he effectively advocated for a one world order style of international governance and international law and order. Maintaining that the United States would likely have to be willing to give up some freedoms in order to attain that outcome. He went on to argue that global security can only be atrained through the help of international insutitions, such as the United Nations for example. Obama said that the only freedom we should not have to sacrifice is the freedom to defend ourselves. But apparently he noted everything else is basically up for grabs. He even admitted that Amerifans criticize him for this mentality but insisted he remains firm in the belief he is right. I hope he s enjoying that Gilligan s Island by himself. How ridiculous! He knows his constituents do not agree with him but he is so pompous and arrogant and stringent in his belief of his righteousness he is completely unwilling to bend and compromise. That perfectly depicts the divisiveness that encompasses Washington D.C. right now. If the leader of our country cannot broach the middle of the road why on earth would he expect other representatives to do so. It s like parents who tell their kids to do one thing and then literally do exactly what they told their kids not to do. Then they wonder why they misbehave. Watch President Obama s full speech here,
Tebow DISMANTLES national anthem protests in one sentence...BOOM! Freedom Daily
20.1k SHARES Facebook Twitter What do Tim Tebow and Colin Kaepernick have in common? Neither is a starting quarterback in the NFL. The other difference is that Tim Tebow is a man of high class and well respected. The other is an idiot. Tim Tebow was very short on words when a reporter asked him about Colin Kaepernick s protest towards the National Anthem and not honoring a country who oppresses black people. Tebow is known for his religious antics, Tebowing celebration, and not being able to make it on another NFL team. His comments about Kaepernick were as follows When people have belief in something, said Tebow, or conviction in something, trying to stand for that is a good thing, and it s all about standing for it the right way. Keyword is STANDING which Kaepernick should do considering he earns millions for not being a starter on the 49ers. He s a high paid bench player and he s being disrespectful to the fans and Americans. If he wants to protest, that s cool, but he should do it on his own time. He can do it on Twitter, Facebook, outside of a McDonald s next to people asking for $15 an hour. He can go on tour and to a Black Lives Matter riot. He can do a lot of things to gain attention for his silly little protest. And let s not forget that NO ONE in this country is oppressed. Claiming you re oppressed is really you admitting you re lazy and don t want to work for anything. How did Obama become President? Was he oppressed? We have a black President. The guy clearly worked to get where he is, so he wasn t oppressed. Name one person who IS oppressed and I guarantee I can tell you why they are not. I can tell you what they can do to better themselves. I can tell you why oppression is nothing but a lazy excuse for not filling out a job application and doing something with your life. If anyone is oppressed, its anyone who lose jobs to that scam called Affirmative Action. Tim Tebow was short on words because he s smart enough not to get himself involved with negative press. He s too busy working on his career path. Good for Tim and I hope he lands a roster spot on the New York Mets. God knows the Mets need help! Screw Kaepernick.
Federal Agents Make Massive Discovery at Southern Border ISIS Is Here Freedom Daily
2.8k SHARES Facebook Twitter A border wall isn t just to keep out illegal immigrants it acts as a national security measure. China didn t build their great wall to keep out immigrants, they built it to keep out foreign invaders. We need a border for that reason too, in addition to solving the problem of illegal immigration. The entire nation of Mexico is essentially run by drug cartels, and they ve racked up a death toll that would make ISIS envious. Additionally, if ISIS is going to enter America, our unsecured Southern Border is their best bet. And for that reason, you can bet they already are trying As the Conservative Tribune reported: Eight Syrian nationals attempted to illegally enter the United States from Mexico on Monday, raising new concerns about security inside the United States in the wake of the Paris terror attacks. Breitbart cited two unnamed federal agents who said the Syrians were intercepted at the Juarez Lincoln Bridge in Laredo, Texas. While Border Patrol has yet to confirm this report, National Border Patrol Council Local 2455 President Hector Garza did confirm that he was also receiving similar reports from multiple agents. Border Patrol agents who we represent have been contacting our organization to voice concerns about reports from other agents that Syrians crossed the U.S. border from Mexico in the Laredo Sector, he said. Our agents have heard about Syrians being apprehended in the area from other federal agents. At this time, I cannot confirm or deny that Syrians have crossed, for security reasons. It would be a lot easier to catch these terrorists if the Obama administration let border patrol do their jobs. Border Patrol Agent Hector Garza, acting in his role as president of the National Border Patrol Council, Local 2455 said on Fox News earlier this month that Eight out of ten people that are caught entering our country illegally are not deported and are allowed to stay in the United States, Garza explained. Unfortunately for Border Patrol agents, we are trying to do our jobs as best we can with the very limited resources that we have. We need a border and stronger border security and there s only one Presidential candidate willing to help with both.
'Reporters' FLEE When Clintons Get EXPOSED!
The Haitians in the audience have some newsworthy things to say about their experiences. Too bad The Media (D) didn t stick around to hear it. These people LOVED Trump. They cheered for him, he sat quietly as they told their stories. It was an absolute love-in. That would have chafed the media badly enough. But the audience had something ELSE in common. Complaints against the Clintons, who to hear these people tell it once they got their money, were never seen again. It turns out, they re not very popular for their handling of Haiti. The have evidence they want to see followed up on. Against the Clintons. Does any of this sound familiar? Lots of the money sent to Help Haiti didn t ever reach the poor people. They claim it found its way back to Washington Lobbyists. And then to the White House. Then there was how they claim Hillary screwed over the Poor People of Haiti. Haiti wanted to raise DAILY minimum wage from $3 to $5 a day. Hillary put an end to it. When it was obvious that the audience was piling on Hillary, and had nothing but love for Trump? There was no news there worth reporting nothing to make Trump look silly, or racist, or hated. So they left early. The camera followed them out of the room, scurrying like the rats they are. BUSTED!
Australia Voted To Ban Muslims And Liberals Are Pissed
When Donald Trump said that he wanted to ban Muslim immigration until we know what s going on, every single Democrat and liberal yahoo yelled until their voice was hoarse that it was racist. Oh how wrong they were, and still are. First off, racism is the belief that one race is inherently better than another simply by virtue of the color of their skin. Islam isn t a race, it is a religion that lends itself very well to radicalization. This is the same religion that has believers blow themselves up in crowded places thinking they ll go to heaven to party with 72 virgins. The insanity, in this issue, is clearly on the side of the Democrats. After seeing how the world is working, Trump wanted to put a temporary ban on all Muslim immigration until we figure out how to stop the terrorists from coming in. Democrats think the world will agree with them, and they re flat out wrong. Well, this has got to sting: A new poll has found that 49 percent of Australians support a ban on Muslim immigration, a huge jump from last October when only 28 percent backed the idea. The Essential Research survey also revealed 48 per cent of voters would welcome a national debate on the issue, and showed that two thirds of Australians agree that populist senator Pauline Hanson talks about topics other politicians are afraid to bring up. The top reasons for wanting a ban were fears over terrorism, and a belief that Muslim migrants do not integrate nor share Australian values. The poll was first conducted in early August and then repeated to ensure the results were not outliers. So Australians want to preserve Australian values? That sounds like what every single other culture on earth wants to do. Yet, when Trump says America first it s suddenly racist. Ok, yeah, that sounds logical. Sixty per cent of respondents who support the right-wing Coalition favour an end to Muslim migration along with 40 per cent of Labour voters and 34 per cent of Green voters. Floored by the results, the pollster laments that the basket of deplorables , who he previously thought were just a marginalised rump, out of step with the views of modern, mainstream, cosmopolitan Australia , is too big to ignore. He writes: This not a basket of deplorables who sit outside the confines of polite society, that is 49% of the men and women who make up our nation. Yes, they are more likely to vote Coalition or other but 40% of Labor voters and one third of Greens agree too. Look around you right now, there are people in your workplace, in your street, on your train, who agree with Hanson. Do you hear that, Hillary? This is how you respond to people who oppose you. You don t call them deplorables, you recognize that half the country is against you. Let s get this done in November. (Source: Breitbart)
Two White Men Doused With Gasoline, Set On FIRE By Blacks
61.3k SHARES Facebook Twitter Update: Buzzfeed has deemed that our description of the crime and the victims is false. We have utterly debunked Buzzfeed s claims. You can view our followup article here. ~~~ You can t make this stuff up. People used to tell crazy stories, but have no way to prove if the story was true or not. Then along came video. This is by far one of the craziest things I ve ever seen. These guys are out in the middle of the street and it looks like there was supposed to be a fight of some sort. Because you know how fights are, they re even better when they re in the middle of a major road. Out of nowhere someone lights them on fire. LIGHTS. THEM. ON. FIRE. And they re still in the middle of the road, running around like crazy where they may get hit by a car. Nothing but absolute chaos and easily one of the most disturbing things I ve watched since the Casey Anthony trial. What goes through someone s deplorable brain when they re thinking well right about now is a great time to light these guys on fire. Yup, let s just toss this cocktail over on them and watch the men burn. Who carries the items needed for a good Molotov cocktail anyway? Was this premeditated? It s not like I have the items needed for a good cocktail laying around unless it s a Bloody Mary on a Sunday morning. Back in the day, when people were a lot smarter and America was great, this would have been a lot different. If you see two people about to fight and they re in the street, then the good people will make sure that the people fighting aren t getting hit by a car. The good people used to make sure it was a fair fight and would stop the fight when it got out of hand. That was when people were a lot smarter and had more human nature to them. Nowadays everyone whips out the cell phone and let s a slightly bad situation turn into the worst possible situation just so they can grab a viral video out of it. No one cares anymore. Time to start caring about people and stop lighting them on fire.
ALERT: Police Pull Over Islamic Refugee, Horrified To See What Was In The Car
We need a border wall. It is not just a matter of preventing illegal immigration, but securing an essential access point into America. Law enforcement is on high alert after a routine traffic stop revealed troubling intentions. Police in Luna County, New Mexico, pulled over an undocumented Middle Eastern woman with the plans for a nearby gas pipeline and surrounding area. (via Mad News World) Police were unable to determine why the woman, described as an Islamic refugee, was in possession of the plans, but many are fearing the worst. The plans detailed a pipeline in Deming, New Mexico. The FBI s Joint Terrorism Task Force was deployed with the U.S. Border Patrol to investigate the area. The search came up empty. The pipeline identified in the Muslim woman s plans is fairly remote, leading many to assume that the woman was scouting out potential targets for future terror attacks and did not have immediate intentions to launch an attack. It is troubling to discover an undocumented Muslim woman in a county sharing a border with Mexico. A report released by Judicial Watch in 2015 revealed that Mexican cartels were working with terror organizations. The report indicates that Mexican gangs were accepting payments to smuggle foreigners from terror-plagued nations into our country. Judicial Watch also revealed in a 2017 report that Mexico-based Islamic terror groups have been illegally crossing the border into America to scout out potential targets. Congress should approve funding for President Trump s border wall at once. It is not merely a matter of preventing illegal immigration. Many nefarious groups, such as terrorists and drug cartels, are aware that the southern border is the easiest way to sneak into America. Many of the illegal immigrants entering America are not even from Mexico. Instead, aliens from south of Mexico are able to travel across the country in order to reach the American-Mexican border. Many of these aliens receive active support from the Mexican government, who cannot support the illegal immigrants. If a terrorist wanted to sneak into America to launch an attack, they could easily travel across the southern border. They could start their journey south of Mexico, arriving in countries without the ability to vet travelers. The only way we can secure our nation from foreign threats is by constructing a wall on the southern border. Until we do, our country is easy pickings.
CNN s Post-Debate Rigged Poll Busted Here Are The Real Results
We re shocked SHOCKED to learn that CNN s bias is so blatant in just about everything they do, not simply in reporting the news. First came Lester Holt s unbelievably one-sided moderation of the debate in which he routinely press and even attacked Donald Trump s record and answers while leaving Hillary untouched with no mention of any of the most obvious scandals. Now CNN has upped the ante on their own bias with a poll that isn t worth paper it was printed on. According to their post-debate poll, 62% of respondents indicated that Hillary won the debate. But what CNN didn t bother to highlight is the fact that fully only 26% of those polled were Republicans. While Independents made of 33%, Democrats comprised a whopping 41% of those polled. Not to be outdone, NBC followed up with a similar poll in which there were 14% more Democrats than Republicans.
The NFL Told Russell Wilson Not To Speak About His Faith, So He Did Something Fans Couldn't Believe Freedom Daily
2.1k SHARES Facebook Twitter Seahawks Quarterback Russell Wilson has never shied away from sharing his love for God and his fellow man. In fact, it is one of his life s purposes to serve and help his brothers and sisters in changing lives to be better. Helping others to get on a path that leads to true joy is what he hopes becomes his legacy in life. On the field he as a Quarterback, Wilson is all about winning. Off the field, he sets his focus on helping others to find the joy and peace that he feels himself through good choices and having hope and faith in God. For this reason, it is no surprise that when the NFL told Wilson to not speak about his faith he learned he could still share his love for God and message of hope, by his actions. Words were not necessary. He has stated many times that in his life, God comes first, family and friends second, and football third. Dedication to what is most important to him, is his strength. In terms of my faith, my faith is everything: God comes first, family and friends come second, and football comes third, Wilson concluded. I think when you keep it in that order, great things happen to you. You don t stress out about much. It s a beautiful thing to see a man with a voice that can be heard in great numbers sharing a good message. We have far too many people in high places, who may have at one time in life had good intentions and faith in God to do good things in their life. Then they got to where they wanted to be and used their voices to give glory to themselves. Or worse, forget where they came from and who brought them there. Luck? No such thing. Good men s hearts will fail them in this world where corruption runs deep and deception is a key skill of the very leadership that runs this country. Especially now in Obama s America. You might walk into a room of opportunity to make a change with good intentions, but once in there if you do not share in the example that Wilson has set in remembering who you are and whose message you share corruption can and will take root. So the NFL told him not to talk about his faith Interesting how things seem so one sided right? Don t talk about God, it hurts people s feelings. But feel free to disrespect and spread a message of dishonoring your country and it s heroes. With this kind of garbage happening the truth becomes that much more obvious. Words like tolerance are being used to blur the line between good and evil, right and wrong. When you have men like Wilson out there standing for the truth and righteousness he believes in, the backlash is deep. Ask yourself, when did serving others and helping them find happiness become something bad? There is only one who would wreck nations and terrorize mankind to keep good from happening. and Obama s Americans seem to have forgotten that very simple truth.
The Pope Flat Out Called Fox News Type Journalism Terrorism
Someone had to say it. Okay, liberals have been saying it for years. Fox News (and increasingly, the other news channels) have been promoting fear for so long that they have become the terrorists. Pope Francis agrees. Channeling Franklin Delano Roosevelt s infamous line, we have nothing to fear but fear itself, the Pope chastised fear-based media. Journalism based on gossip or rumors is a form of terrorism and media that stereotype entire populations or foment fear of migrants are acting destructively, Pope Francis said on Thursday. Spreading rumors is an example of terrorism, of how you can kill a person with your tongue , he said. This is even more true for journalists because their voice can reach everyone and this is a very powerful weapon. Source: Reuters Now, to be fair, Pope Francis was in Italy and he was talking to Italy s press, which has its own problems with nationalism, but I m sure he was hoping his words would hop the pond. After all, Fox spreads little but fear and that s what has given us Donald Trump. Crime in the nation is down. An American s odds of being killed by a terrorist is 1 in 20 million. Those are roughly the same odds as being killed by your own furniture. Still, Trump, prompted on by Fox News, is scaring the crap out of Americans: Fear is in the air, and fear is surging. Americans are more afraid today than they have been in a long time: Polls show majorities of Americans worried about being victims of terrorism and crime, numbers that have surged over the past year to highs not seen for more than a decade. Every week seems to bring a new large- or small-scale terrorist attack, at home or abroad. Mass shootings form a constant drumbeat. Protests have shut down large cities repeatedly, and some have turned violent. Overall crime rates may be down, but a sense of disorder is constant. Source: The Atlantic Sure, that s about Donald Trump and the Pope wasn t directly talking about him, but Fox is the fear network. Forward Progressives lists several examples of Fox trying to scare the s*it out of people, and if this election and polls are any indication, they ve succeeded. Featured image via Franco Origlia/Getty Images.
HERE IT IS! The Winner of the First Debate Was Just Announced, And the Winner Is
775 SHARES Facebook Twitter CNN news has claimed through polling that Hillary Clinton was the undefinable winner of the first general election debate. But others indicate otherwise. Snap polls show Donald Trump as the debate night winner. Talking points included the Birther movement allegations, the email controversy, and Trump s tax returns as well as other things. Look at some of the snap polls below. They include TIME Magazine, the Drudge Report, CBS New York, Fox 5, and News 2 Nashville among many others. Donald Trump took to Twitter to thank everyone for polling in his favor and for their belief that he won the debate. So far, Hillary Clinton has yet to comment on it. The CNN snap poll showed Clinton at 62 percent and Trump at 27 percent. Which is a very large margin considering most polls show he won. Thus, something nefarious has to be going on with that CNN poll. Or the pool of people polled is off. 521 people were polled by CNN but the network admitted the sample pool leaned more Democrat. Which would explain the results. Despite Clinton s win in that poll the poll had mixed results as to whether or not the debate would make a difference in their voting. So even if she won in that poll that means the results do not necessarily indicate that people will go to the voting booth to support her. Regardless of these apparent winning results, as Donald Trump would say, he has complained that the media network gave him a defective mic. That he should have brought up Bill Clinton s infidelity. Even going as far as to threaten not to appear at the debate. Which is odd considering he apparently won. With the election about a month away time is beginning to crunch and the candidates have less and less time to change voters minds. Let s not forget that Julian Assange promised a few months back an October surprise release on Wikileaks that would destroy Hillary Clinton s campaign. We all must wait and see.
Hillary Thought She Won The Debate. Didn t Expect This To Happen To Prove Her Wrong.
Oh Hillary, when will you learn? You never count your chickens before they re hatched. Also, don t say you ve won when you clearly didn t. The polls are in from last night s debate. At first glance they do not look good for Donald Trump. According to focus groups from Fox News and CNN, both had Hillary winning last night s debate. But were those true tests of the voting pool on the whole? According to focus groups at both Fox News and CNN, Democratic presidential nominee Hillary Clinton handily defeated Republican Donald Trump in Monday s presidential debate. At CNN, the focus group went 18-2 in favor of Clinton. And at Fox, pollster Frank Luntz s group went 16-6 in favor of the former secretary of state. CNN s group was a group of voters from Florida, while Luntz s group was comprised of Pennsylvanians. Luntz, who tweeted frequently throughout the debate, said that Trump didn t do well when he talked about his taxes but began to rebound when he knocked Clinton over her email scandal. However, Trump tanked when trying to explain why he questioned Obama s birthplace for so long. But what no one is telling you is that another poll had Trump winning 92% to 8%. Drudge poll pic.twitter.com/UTCpTmMRbi Greg Pollowitz (@GPollowitz) September 27, 2016 After Hillary s tweet that said she won, America shot her down FAST. @HillaryClinton The number one trending hashtag in the world is #TrumpWon. You can't delete it like its your damn e-mails. Anthony Einzig (@AnthonyEinzig) September 27, 2016 @HillaryClinton you run and hide from media afterwards. Honky Cartel (@ScottInSC) September 27, 2016 Looks like Hillary has some explaining to do. Some things you just can t delete. (Source: Twitter)
Riot Police DID Shoot Unarmed Charlotte Protester In Head
7k SHARES SHARE THIS STORY Last night, the city of Charlotte was rocked with protests for a second straight night as massive crowds protested the police killing of Kenneth L. Scott. During the protests, a civilian was shot in the head and critically injured. The police quickly told the media that the shooter was also a civilian, but a number of eyewitness reports seem to indicate that the police are lying and that the shot came from law enforcement. One key eye witness report emerged from Charlotte on Twitter, along with a graphic photo of the bloody aftermath and a haunting statement from Todd Zimmer, who claims to have assisted in the emergency response: I didn t want to post about this, but my city is lying about what happened tonight. Let the record show. My friend @neutralized was on the ground in Charlotte. He saw the shooting. Here's his account. pic.twitter.com/H5cQXrAn37 Max Berger (@maxberger) September 22, 2016 We interviewed Kahran Meyer, who is a North Carolina criminal defense lawyer and a key eye witness on the scene. The 29-year-old published this tweet just an hour after witnessing the shots and noticing that the weapons discharge did not sound like a typical firearm: I watched a man die tonight with my own two eyes. It was NOT by a civilian. I don't care WHAT CNN tells you. I was right fucking there. BLACK MATLOCK (@KahranAtLaw) September 22, 2016 I didn t realize that I was standing next to someone from CNN at the time. It started when everybody met at the park and marched from there down a couple of city blocks, when somebody said let s march to the police station. It was peaceful, people had signs that said Hands Up, Don t Shoot, Kahran Meyers told me at 1:50am tonight. The protest then marched to College Street and Trade Street in front of the Omni Hotel. At that time, police were not at all directing traffic, just keeping the peace, Meyer told me almost breathlessly, I ve been told that the idea was to walk into the Omni and hold our hands up [in protest] and chant hands up, don t shoot and there was a crowd of roughly 1,000 people. We wanted to demonstrate to the upper class, the bourgeoisie that there is a problem. After leaving The Epicenter, police made a human barrier to block a return to the main square, so the crowd was facing the hotel. At that point, all of the protests were completely peaceful and that s when the riot police arrived. I swear to god, you could feel the temperature go up by 10 degrees. Meyers had a brief interaction with one of the riot officers at that point, and asked them whose idea it was to send out police in heavy armor. The Charlotte officer coyly nodded his head upward as if to indicate brass. Meyers told him that it was an unnecessary escalation and he replied, oh, absolutely. Five minutes later, a protester lay near death in a pool of blood in the street. It wasn t a gunshot, she told us. It was much louder. It wasn t a civilian injury. The way people scattered. No way. At least a dozen people exclaimed loudly They just shot him and people in the crowd were familiar with him [the protester shot by police]. At that point, the peaceful protesters who hadn t already left, exited. At that moment, Meyers says that Charlotte-Mecklenberg police then read the riot act to the protesters. As she made it to the next block, police opened up with teargas from two directions into the already retreating crowd of peaceful protesters. It took Meyers fifteen minutes to leave the scene, and as she was departing she spotted a news crew reviewing live video, it was a split-screen. According to Meyer, that videographer was from CNN and had been standing next to the lawyer, and when reunited said it was entirely too loud for a gunshot too. It was so loud it shook my tripod and all of my equipment. CNN reports, Police say the person was shot by a civilian. The City of Charlotte began spinning the protester s grave injuries immediately on Twitter: ALERT: Fatal shot uptown was civilian on civilian. @CMPD did not fire shot. City of Charlotte (@CLTgov) September 22, 2016 Two additional eye witness reports have emerged on Twitter refute the Charlotte police s claim that a civilian shot and severely injured a protester. The first is from the Charlotte Clergy Coalition for Justice, who issued a press release of sorts through a widely followed Palestinian rights activist. I saw the man go down on the pavement, said Minister Steve Knight of Missiongathering Christian Church in Charlotte whose written statement points the finger squarely at Charlotte-Meckenberg Police for the shooting, It was an ambush. The victim was shot while he stood between two ministers, and we believe he was shot by police. #Charlotte Clergy question media & police accounts of tonight's shooting of protester. #CharlotteProtest #KeithLamontScott pic.twitter.com/TlVOwveYAV Linda Sarsour (@lsarsour) September 22, 2016 Lastly, a man named Eddie Thomas posted on Facebook which was also shared via twitter that, within 5 mins (no exaggeration a dude lay bleeding on the ground, eye rolling in the bakc of his head. he got shot with something, maybe a rubber bullet. I yelled at the bike cops for help and they did nothing. When African-Americans attempt to express their frustration and anger and the violence inflicted upon them by the state, the state responds the only way it knows how with more violence. Original story by Grant Stern at PINAC News: WITNESS: Charlotte Riot Police Did Shoot Protester, Deny Involvement Blaming Civilians Add your name to millions demanding that Congress take action on the President s crimes. IMPEACH DONALD TRUMP!
ABC Reveals Trump Paid "Hundreds Of Millions" By Russian Oligarchs
46.8k SHARES SHARE THIS STORY Republican nominee Donald Trump has been treading treasonous territory for months now, raising eyebrows around the nation for a foreign policy that openly supports the ambitions of Vladimir Putin, the dictator of the Russian Federation. He s surrounded himself with men with close ties to the Kremlin and the oligarchs that pull the strings behind the scenes; he s being openly supported by Russian state-controlled media and by Russian intelligence services, who have breached the electronic servers of Democratic Party operatives and released selected pieces of information in an attempt to sow discord. Throughout all of this, Trump has insisted that he has no business ties to Russia. For the record, I have ZERO investments in Russia he tweeted in July. Now brace yourself, this might come as a shock it appears he s been lying to us the whole time. An ABC News investigation has found that Donald Trump has numerous ties to Russian interests both here in the United States and in Russia. The level of business amounts to hundreds of millions of dollars what he received as a result of interaction with Russian businessmen. They were happy to invest with him, and they were happy to work with Donald Trump. And they were happy to associate [and] be associated with Donald Trump says Sergei Millian, who heads a U.S.-Russia business group. Trump has reaped huge profits off his business deals with Russian oligarchs that stretch from hosting the 2013 Miss Universe contest in Moscow and selling Trump-branded real estate to large numbers of Russian buyers so many that the Sunny and Hollywood Islands in Florida became known as Little Moscow. The oligarchs of Russia made their fortunes by making deals to acquire huge numbers of shares in the state-owned companies of the former Soviet Union as the country shifted to a free-market economy, turning them into billionaires overnight. Towards the end of the Boris Yeltsin era, the oligarchs controlled 50% to 75% of all Russian finance. Now, they use their influence and wealth to prop up the Putin regime, while he turns a blind eye as they rob the country blind. Putin himself has amassed a fortune of $70 billion that could be as high as $200 billion. The oligarchs are constantly looking to funnel their ill-gotten gains out of the country, and it turns out purchasing Trump properties was a favored way to do so. It makes sense they are all men cut from the same gold cloth. They are self-entitled narcissistic materialists who care for nothing but increasing their own personal wealth. I think material wealth for them is a highly emotional and spiritual thing. They spend a lot of money on their own personal consumption They don t read books. They don t go to [art] exhibitions. They think the only way to impress anyone is to buy a yacht says former KGB agent Alexander Lebedev, who went on to describe them as cultural ignoramuses not interested in social justice. Sound like anyone we know? When the US State Department leveled sanctions on the Russian oligarchs in 2014 following Moscow s annexation of the Crimea, the oligarchs had one of their key money-laundering tools cut off. If Trump were president, however, he could end the sanctions and allow them to continue to enrich themselves and Trump himself. We ll be looking at that, yeah we ll be looking said Trump on the issue of sanctions in July. These business dealings obviously present a great conflict of interest between the personal finances of a potential President and the foreign policy of our nation, which seeks to curtail the disruptive and corrupting influences of the Russian oligarchs and put a check on Russian territorial aggression in Eastern Europe. Would President Trump be able to put his personal profits aside? If this election has taught us anything at all, it s that Trump cares about nothing but himself. We cannot allow him and his Russian cronies to take their corruption to the White House. Watch ABC News report here: Add your name to millions demanding that Congress take action on the President s crimes. IMPEACH DONALD TRUMP!
Bombing Suspect Filed Anti-Muslim Discrimination Lawsuit Against Police Eagle Rising
The man arrested Monday in connection with the New York City bombing sued his local police force over anti-Muslim discrimination claims. Ahmad Khan Rahami filed the lawsuit against cops in Elizabeth, N.J., where he was residing before he planted bombs in the Chelsea neighborhood of Manhattan, at a train station in Elizabeth, and on the route of a 5k Marine charity run on the Jersey shore. He claimed police were persecuting him for being a Muslim and subjecting him and his family to selective enforcement based on Islam, reports The Daily Mail. Rahami worked at a chicken restaurant called First American, owned by his family, who claimed the police tried to shut it down early each night with baseless tickets, and that locals said: Muslims don t belong here. Rahami brought the suit along with his father Mohammad Sr. and his brother Mohammad. He was arrested following a shootout with police Monday, after he was found passed out in the doorway of a New Jersey bar. The views expressed in this opinion article are solely those of their author and are not necessarily either shared or endorsed by EagleRising.com
New Jersey Moves To Impeach Chris Christie Over "Bridgegate"
71k SHARES SHARE THIS STORY New Jersey s despised Republican Governor Chris Christie is in scalding hot water as the top state legislators are now looking into filing articles of impeachment against him if he is found guilty of having orchestrated the closing of the George Washington Bridge in order to punish a political rival. Christie has been ordered to produce personal emails related to the Bridgegate scandal by a judge, as WNYC reports: The decision on impeachment will be up to Democratic Speaker Vincent Prieto and if he gives the go-ahead, the Assembly Judiciary Committee would begin the process.It takes a majority of the 80-member Assembly to vote articles of impeachment. If it passes the Democrat-controlled body, the trial would be in the Senate, where two-thirds of senators would be needed to convict. Although Democrats hold a majority in the Senate, they would need three Republican senators to join them if all Democrats vote to convict. Chris Christie is also Republican Presidential s nominee Donald Trump s transition team chairperson. Just four days ago, federal prosecutors pointed the finger at Christie at the start of a federal trial involving three senior aides to the Governor, accusing Christie of being deeply involved in the political retribution plot to shut down the George Washington Bridge to New York City, which resulted in the death of one person in an ambulance as enormous traffic jams stranded hundreds of thousands of motorists on one of the world s busiest bridges. Governor Christie was Trump s most authoritative surrogate, as well as the first major conservative Republican endorser, in a move which most assumed meant that his political career was over inasmuch as his public service career now depended on Trump s benefaction. Going from a multi-year flirtation with running for the highest office to endorsing Trump last March in a widely mocked ceremony then represented a stunning level of political debasement coming from the Governor. Famously, Chris Christie once lied for two hours straight to a nationally televised press conference, which you can see below in its painstaking detail. It s have cued it to 1:43 so you can watch the Republican Governor s the flat out denial of any knowledge of BridgeGate which he gave on January 9th, 2014, just two short months after his re-election, and four months after the scandal which delayed ambulances and emergency services. BrideGate literally gridlocked an entire town. Last week it was revealed that Governor Christie was actually informed personally about BridgeGate at the 9/11 memorial ceremony in 2013 from his senior aides, and stood by, and did nothing, though his aides knew about it and called him out for lying to everyone in their electronic messages. The Republican Governor once thought to be the future of the party is about to be booted from office by his self-defeating act of lying about his administration s bare knuckle political bullying. We will watch this story closely, and await the reaction of Republican nominee Donald Trump the impeachment charges Christie is facing, because the New Jersey Governor is one of the pillars of this year s Republican Presidential campaign. Watch his shame: Add your name to millions demanding that Congress take action on the President s crimes. IMPEACH DONALD TRUMP!
Newsweek Accuses Trump Of Committing A Felony
11.3k SHARES SHARE THIS STORY During a Republican primary debate in September 2015, now-Republican nominee Donald Trump said that he never lobbied Florida Governor Jeb Bush for casino gambling because he would ve gotten it, if I wanted it. But if that is true, then Donald Trump committed yet another yet another felonious offense by the racist mogul this time for for lying under oath in a civil court deposition, which is perjury, as Newsweek reports: One of these stories is a lie a detailed, self-serving fabrication. But unlike the mountain of other lies he has told, this time the character trait that leads to Trump s mendacity is on full display: He makes things up when he doesn t want to admit he lost. Assume the story he told at the debate is the lie. Even though Bush s story reinforced what Trump was saying at rallies he had played the cash for outcomes political game for years he could not admit he had tried to do the same in Florida because he could not bring himself to say that he had lost. Instead, he looked America in the eye and lied. And then he felt compelled to stack on another boast: His people are so wonderful that they would have gotten casino gambling in Florida, regardless of Bush s opposition if Trump had wanted it. The transcripts below will show you there was a dispute of fact between two candidates, but not just any fact, a fact which Jeb Bush would ve full well known, as would have Trump. Because after Trump s na ve attempt to muscle gambling into Florida over the objections of an anti-gambling Republican governor failed, he sued his former employee for his own failure. Eichenwald s point is that either Trump lied baldly to the face of a former elected official on national television (and moderators let him get away with it unchecked) or: Now consider the other option, that Trump committed perjury in the 2007 testimony. There, he admitted pushing for casino gambling in Florida, but said he would have gotten what he wanted if he hadn t been tricked by Fields. The rationale for the perjurious testimony is simple Trump wants money from a man who stopped working for him and, once again, the story lets him deny he is anything less than perfect. Why is all of this important? In the late 1990s, House Republicans impeached Democratic President Bill Clinton for allegedly lying in a deposition about a sensitive personal offense to his wife. The entire media hounded President Clinton over the Whitewater scandal for half of the decade and it was the only thing they could find. Republicans selected a nominee who is legendary for his lies, but unlike Trump s other tall tales and obvious gaslighting, this lie was either told to a Florida court of law under oath (it does seem like Trump lives in the Florida court system at times) or to national television and his party s base to discredit his opponent by turning the truth on it s head. Trump s penchant for turning the truth upside down is not only a disastrous character flaw, but it s a mortal danger to our national safety that he is even on the ballot as a major party candidate for President. See for yourself the two transcripts Newsweek published and decide for yourself if Trump perjured himself to the court or lied to the Republican debate audience. Compare the two options presented by Eichenwald, there s no third option here: Bush: The one guy that had some special interests that I know of that tried to get me to change my views on something that was generous and gave me money was Donald Trump. He wanted casino gambling in Florida. Trump interrupted Bush: Trump: I didn t Bush: Yes, you did. Trump: Totally false. Bush: You wanted it, and you didn t get it, because I was opposed to Trump: I would have gotten it. Bush: Casino gambling before Trump: I promise, I would have gotten it. Bush: During and after. I m not going to be bought by anybody. Trump: I promise, if I wanted it, I would have gotten it. Bush: No way. Believe me. Trump: I know my people. Bush: Not even possible. Trump: I know my people. Transcript of 2007 Trial Deposition: A lawyer asked Trump, Did you yourself do anything to obtain any of the details with respect to the Florida gaming environment, what approvals were needed and so forth? Trump: A little bit. Lawyer: What did you do? Trump: I actually spoke with Governor-Elect Bush; I had a big fundraiser for Governor-Elect Bush and I think it was his most successful fundraiser, the most successful that he had had up until that point, that was in Trump Tower in New York on Fifth Avenue. Lawyer: When was that? Trump: Sometime prior to his election. Lawyer: You knew that Governor Bush, Jeb Bush at that time, was opposed to expansion of gaming in Florida, didn t you? Trump: I thought that he could be convinced otherwise. Lawyer: But you didn t change his mind about his anti-gaming stance, did you? Trump: Well, I never really had that much of an opportunity because Fields resigned, telling me you could never get what we wanted done, only to do it for another company. Add your name to millions demanding that Congress take action on the President s crimes. IMPEACH DONALD TRUMP!
Surgeon General warns: Drinking every time Trump lies during debate could result in acute alcohol poisoning
Many individuals tuned into the 90-minute commercial-free debate on CNN and many of them turned the event into a drinking game, as Americans often do. However, the US Surgeon General warns that playing a game involving drinking each time Donald Trump tells a lie could result in alcohol poisoning. Last year, during the GOP debates, the Surgeon General, Vivek Murthy, warned to Americans that engaging in drinking games could be hazardous, "especially with the field the republicans are giving us this year." Murthy acknowledged that Americans play drinking games during debates and that they needed to be careful while doing so if we're drinking when candidates are lying. During the debates of 2012, there was about 70,000 alcohol-poison related instances which occurred, and the Surgeon General warned everyone of this danger in 2015 The story was no different prior to the first presidential debate between Clinton and Trump on Monday, Sept. 26, 2016. The US Surgeon General warned that drinking when Trump lied could result in alcohol poisoning and facts back up his claims. According to Politco, Donald Trump accumulated 87 lies in their study lasting from Sept. 15 to Sept. 20. Yes, in 5-day period Donald Trump lied 87 times, according to Politico's "rigorous fact-checking" which involved statements made by both Trump and Clinton. The study was conducted following Trump's statement on the "birther moment" and how Clinton, not he, started it in 2008. Trump's 87 lies over a five-day period averaged out to him telling a lie about every three minutes and 15 seconds over five hours of remarks. So, in terms of this average, Trump probably told about 28 lies during the CNN Presidential debate between him and Clinton. The Surgeon General warned Americans to be cautious and said that first-responders were bracing themselves to handle alcohol-related issues following Clinton and Trump's CNN debate. So, Americans cannot say they were not warned to be cautious about playing drinking games regarding Trump's habit of lie-telling. There are still a few debates ahead of us before the Nov. 8 election, so if you're going to drink during them keep it responsible. Baby sips for Trump's lies.
Putin's Troll Army Caught Rigging Twitter To Pretend Trump Won
13.6k SHARES SHARE THIS STORY Hillary Clinton was almost universally declared the winner of tonight s debate by the mainstream media, but online polls and twitter trends said otherwise. The #TrumpWon hashtag soon began circulating and eventually was the top Trend in the United States. The #1 trend on Twitter right now is #TrumpWon thank you! Donald J. Trump (@realDonaldTrump) September 27, 2016 What s curious about that is not that it was trending but where it originated from which will come as quite a surprise: Data is from Trendsmap.com That s right- the #TrumpWon hashtag originated in St. Petersberg, Russia, where dictator Vladimir Putin is known to house his army of hundreds of paid cyber-trolls and bloggers, who work overtime to advance Putin s agenda as part of a strategy known as dezinformatsiya. It s a classic disinformation campaign working to sow discord and provoke conflict, to exacerbate divisions and amplify rivalries among the allies of those that would threaten Moscow. Putin s trolls have already been caught flooding American social media circles with pro-Trump and pro-Putin propaganda as the Russian state-controlled media promotes Trump to their European audiences. Putin is working hard to try to tip the scales in favor of Trump, who he knows he can manipulate into lifting the harsh economic sanctions level led against Russian oligarchs by the Obama administration after the Russian annexation of Crimea in 2014 and will turn a blind eye to further Russian aggression in Eastern Europe. The Guardian reached out to some ex-bloggers and they described their working conditions as those akin to an internet sweat shop: humourless and draconian, with fines for being a few minutes late or not reaching the required number of posts each day. Trolls worked in rooms of about 20 people, each controlled by three editors, who would check posts and impose fines if they found the words had been cut and pasted, or were ideologically deviant. So remember don t trust online polls or argue with idiots in the comments section. It might be a Russian blogger making $800 a month in a a dark dungeon just trying to get by. Add your name to millions demanding that Congress take action on the President s crimes. IMPEACH DONALD TRUMP!
Trump Supreme Court Pick Sued By Feds For Racial Discrimination
13.8k SHARES SHARE THIS STORY S Trump s number one backer in Silicon Valley just had his secretive data company slapped with a major federal lawsuit for employment discrimination. The U.S. Department of Labor filed suit charging that Palantir Technologies, the Palo Alto technology company controlled by Republican businessman Peter Thiel, accusing him of systematically discriminating against Asian job applicants in the company s hiring process. Palantir is a federal government contractor to the NSA. Sources say that Donald Trump wants to deliver a lifetime Supreme Court nomination to Thiel, who despises the First Amendment s protections, anti-trust laws that break up monopolies and generally dislikes the institutions of democracy. Both the Stanford law school grad Thiel and Trump s campaign later denied the report. Vanity Fair noted that: According to the lawsuit, Palantir looked at a pool of 130 applicants for its engineering intern positions: 73 percent of those who applied were Asian. Ultimately, the lawsuit says, the company hired four Asians and 17 non-Asians. The likelihood that this result occurred according to chance is approximately one in a billion, the lawsuit says. Ironically, Peter Thiel, the Trump donor who Bloomberg called the Republican nominee s most unlikely supporter, is himself a first generation immigrant. Thiel s parents came to America to find work in a high tech field, but now he s supporting a candidate that opposes immigration altogether. Thiel was a PayPal co-founder and early Facebook investor, but remained relatively unknown outside of tech circles until earlier this year. The billionaire revealed himself in March to be Hulk Hogan s secret benefactor funding the bogus lawsuit that bankrupted Gawker, in retaliation for revealing the billionaire s then-secret sexual orientation. But now, the entire world knows Mr. Thiel prefers male company, after he delivered a very personal political address at the Republican National Convention in Cleveland. Thiel then called out the GOP s bathroom law obsessions as wrong and said, Every American has a unique identity. I m proud to be gay, I m proud to be a Republican, after a lengthy rant against government incompetence. He became the first ever openly gay speaker at the RNC to acknowledge his sexual orientation on the dais, and only the second speaker to be openly gay period. Unfortunately, his own party didn t pay much attention to the speech, which was surprisingly well received inside the hall (as you can see below), because they passed the most anti-LGBT platform in party history this year, which speaks volumes when you consider that the Bush Administration used anti-marriage equality ballot initiatives to draw support from their base of bigots and haters throughout the early 2000s. Federal contractors have an obligation to ensure that their hiring practices and policies are free of all forms of discrimination, said the Department of Labor s OFCCP Director Patricia Shiu. Our nation s taxpayers deserve to know that companies employed with public funds are providing equal opportunity for job seekers. Lisa Gordon, a spokeswoman for Palantir, said the company will defend itself vigorously and denies allegations of bias in a statement to Bloomberg News. Now, the executive who accused his employer the federal government of incompetence will have to prove in a legal action that his company s hiring practices were competent, in the face of daunting evidence to the contrary. Add your name to millions demanding that Congress take action on the President s crimes. IMPEACH DONALD TRUMP!
Note In Arabic Found With NYC Bomb Call Says There Will Be More Bombings
Note In Arabic Found With NYC Bomb Call Says There Will Be More Bombings Police have found some very disturbing leads in the Chelsea bombing this last Saturday. The greatest suspicion is Muslim extremists who are claiming credit for the terror that injured dozens. The bomb in Chelsea injured 29 people, all discharged from the hospital. Another pressure-cooker bomb was found stashed in a Dumpster four blocks away. Police are investigating just WHAT happened. While the leads come in, there are three in particular that have grabbed the attention of the press: Lead #1 A hand-written letter, a portion of which was in Arabic, was found inside the plastic bag that also held the second device. Lead #2 A 911 unidentified male caller warned of further explosions and the call went like this: I m looking at the explosion down the block. There will be more. Lead #3 A Tumblr page called I m the NY Bomber that claims to be the manifesto of the bomber responsible for the explosion that rocked New York City Saturday night. HERE. Manufacturing Test Explosives Hi. 101 Things All Young Adults Should Know by Sir John Hawkins John Hawkins's book 101 Things All Young Adults Should Know is filled with lessons that newly minted adults need in order to get the most out of life. Gleaned from a lifetime of trial, error, and writing it down, Hawkins provides advice everyone can benefit from in short, digestible chapters. Buy Now You probably have all seen the news by now, the explosives detonated in New York City, that was me. Those were just some tests, I know where I have made errors and I will not make the same mistake next time. I did it because I cannot stand society. I cannot live in a world where homosexuals like myself as well as the rest of the LGBTQ+ community are looked down upon by society. It is 2016 and we are still being viewed as mentally ill, sinners, attention seekers, and just plain weirdos in general. I am not going to stand by while under classed and underprivileged people are oppressed. I am not going to stand by while there is inequality in my country such as the racism being seen in white police officers all over the country. I am not going to live in a country where it is OK to have a misogynist, xenophobic, racist Islamophobic, republican candidate running for President of The United States! That s implying that republicans in general should even be taken seriously as they are all cisgendered privileged white people. This is not the end, this is just the beginning. I will be remembered. I will make a difference. I will eliminate my targets before it is too late. Someone is lying and it s just sick that anyone would want to claim this, especially one who didn t even do it. Trying to benefit off of other s terror is as base as you can go next to being the perpetrator.
Donald Trump Goes Off The Deep End May Be Unfit For Debate Opposition Report
Posted by Frank Wilkenmeyer on 25 Sep 2016 How can you tell when a man is so far gone that he s obviously not fit to stand on a stage for 90 minutes? That opinion would likely differ from psychologist to psychologist, but certainly there are warning signs. Donald Trump has been running full-steam now for months. He s constantly on the campaign trail, under the hot lights of the cameras with little time for rest. He s a 70-year-old man and he refuses to let up. He s been not only preparing for a debate with a world-class politician (no matter how much he denies it he knows the truth) and to relax he flies to Roanoke last-minute to hold a rally. It s obviously catching up to him. Sunday night, less than 24 hours before he s set to walk into the hall to get ready for the most important night of his life, Donald Trump is showing signs that he s simply taken this thing too far and gone off the deep end. This incoherent tweet covers three topics that are completely unrelated. It shows that Trump s mind is prone to wandering and while each topic by itself may have been a talking point used to pander to somebody, together it s just gibberish: Five people killed in Washington State by a Middle Eastern immigrant. Many people died this weekend in Ohio from drug overdoses. N.C. riots! Donald J. Trump (@realDonaldTrump) September 26, 2016 Just what is he talking about? If you re trying to court the people you want to scare into voting for you, you talk about terrorism. If you want to court moderates concerned that drugs are seeping into the middle-class like never before you talk about opioid deaths. If you want to pander to your low-hanging fruit and court the racists you talk about riots in North Carolina. Talking about them together shows just one thing: Trump is coming unhinged. He s obviously not ready and maybe even unfit to debate Hillary Clinton. This could be the end of the line for the Trump train. Featured image from file
Secret Video Records MASSIVE Hillary Event Flop!
Secret Video Records MASSIVE Hillary Event Flop! Soooo embarrassing for Hillary, Clinton. In Delaware, Ohio, Clinton was supposed to have a door-knocking event at 1 pm in the afternoon. One guy, who was documenting it for Donald Trump, showed up. He was it. No one came at all when the staffers finally figured out who he was, they had him leave, but not before he got a gander at a whole lot of no one. I watched South Park last week and they joked that Clinton had maybe four supporters. It s looking more and more like that is just about right. There are over 2 million people in that area and no one could be bothered to show up for the Hildabeast. From Gateway Pundit: At Hillary Clinton s Ohio campaign headquarters, volunteers were supposed to show up in droves to knock on doors for the Democratic presidential nominee. But, when this Donald Trump supporter showed up to the headquarters to check out the crowd, he found no one there. 101 Things All Young Adults Should Know by Sir John Hawkins John Hawkins's book 101 Things All Young Adults Should Know is filled with lessons that newly minted adults need in order to get the most out of life. Gleaned from a lifetime of trial, error, and writing it down, Hawkins provides advice everyone can benefit from in short, digestible chapters. Buy Now In fact, the only Hillary supporters at the offices were the staff running the headquarters. When the man said he was a Trump supporter and asked where all the volunteers were, they quickly showed him the door. The staffers for Hillary Clinton had expected door knockers to show up in droves. They must have been so disappointed. The Clinton campaign office was well stocked and neat. It was clearly ready to handle a large number of volunteers. The fact that no one showed indicates her ground game is in real trouble. If this is the case in all states out there, she will get clobbered by Donald Trump in the coming election. I wonder if you go to events like this in each state for Clinton what you would find. I have a feeling it will be eerily similar. This has got to have the Democrats in a panic. Hillary Clinton is supposed to be the favorite here the one with the overwhelming advantage in the election. If that is true, where is everyone? Trump s rallies are packed with thousands of people he s making her look ridiculous. There is more enthusiasm for an old shoe than for Clinton at this point. Clinton is spending millions (that she has stolen or gotten from our enemies) to staff these offices. When support is non-existent like this, you have to wonder what is the point. Between Trump leading in the polls, the enthusiasm factor, Hillary s health, her corruption and terrorism concerns, it s beginning to look more and more likely that the Trumpster will be the next president.
CNN FURIOUS and Embarrassed After Trump Called Them Out For One Major Thing
CNN FURIOUS and Embarrassed After Trump Called Them Out For One Major Thing This weekend, a bombing in New York City rocked the nation as Americans everywhere wondered if we were under attack again. Donald Trump responded to the attack almost immediately, accurately describing it as a bombing/ CNN, for some inexplicable reason, criticized him for that even though Hillary Clinton described the attack the exact same way. So CNN edited out Hillary s wording. And Donald Trump just ripped them a new one for it. In the CNN footage, they only showed Clinton responding to a question from a reporter, where she agreed that Trump was insensitive for calling the Chelsea bombing a bombing. Jake Tapper played the same footage a second time and again criticized Trump for jumping to conclusions. Both times, the network did not air Clinton s own description of the attack as a bombing, even though it happened just seconds before she answered the reporter s question. Trump was interviewed on Fox and Friends and he held nothing back. CNN is disgusting and disgraceful, he declared. These people are the most dishonest people, CNN is so disgusting and dishonest, and I watch it, it s so unfair, they call it the Clinton news network. She used the word bombs also by the way I was criticized for calling it correctly what I said was exactly correct. 101 Things All Young Adults Should Know by Sir John Hawkins John Hawkins's book 101 Things All Young Adults Should Know is filled with lessons that newly minted adults need in order to get the most out of life. Gleaned from a lifetime of trial, error, and writing it down, Hawkins provides advice everyone can benefit from in short, digestible chapters. Buy Now He also pointed the finger at stupid leaders going soft on terrorism. Well it s a mess and it s a shame and we re going to have to be very tough, he said. I think we re going to see a big change over the last couple of days, I think this is something that will happen more and more all over the country. He explained that because we ve been weak, out country s been weak, we re letting people in by the thousands and the tens of thousands, and as I ve been saying you ve got to stop it. .@realDonaldTrump slams "dishonest" CNN for editing out Clinton reference to NYC explosion as 'bombing' pic.twitter.com/EG2Yy63B4y FOX & Friends (@foxandfriends) September 19, 2016 Obama was heavily criticized by Trump for his plan to accept over 110,000 Syrian refugees in 2017 and Hillary wants to make that number even higher, according to Trump. Hillary Clinton wants to increase what he s letting in and he s letting in thousands of thousands of people they can t be properly vetted, said Trump. He let in over 100,000 additional people and now Hillary Clinton is raising it by 550 per cent thousands of people are pouring into our country and we have no idea what we re doing. Our leaders are I don t even say weak I say stupid.
New York bomb Suspect SUED Police!
New York bomb Suspect SUED Police! Now we find out that not only is Ahmad Rahami a terrorist and a murderer, he s an entitled whiner. Ahmad Rahami reported in a lawsuit that cops in Elizabeth, New Jersey were subjecting his family to discrimination because of their culture. Ironically, he was arrested for planting bombs around the Tri-state area you know, his culture. In the lawsuit, the family complained that local officials were trying to shut down their chicken restaurant that they had owned since 2002. The family complained of receiving many tickets and court summons which had no grounds according to them. Ahmad, 28, his father Mohammad Sr., 53, and his brother Mohammad, brought the lawsuit together and said that local residents also racially abused them and said: Muslims don t belong here . The lawsuit, filed in the federal court in Newark, says that the family are from Afghanistan and are all Muslims who have owned the chicken restaurant since 2002. From April 2009 for two years they allege that they were unfairly targeted for staying open past 10pm despite being permitted to do so. 101 Things All Young Adults Should Know by Sir John Hawkins John Hawkins's book 101 Things All Young Adults Should Know is filled with lessons that newly minted adults need in order to get the most out of life. Gleaned from a lifetime of trial, error, and writing it down, Hawkins provides advice everyone can benefit from in short, digestible chapters. Buy Now The lawsuit says that the police had a reckless disregard and deliberate indifference for plaintiff s constitutional rights of liberty, due process and equal protection . The Elizabeth police department allegedly embarked on a course to harass, humiliate, retaliate against and force their business to close at 10pm . The lawsuit claims that the officers told them there was too much crime around here and that the area around the restaurant was known for criminal activity . The irony of it all is that just 5 years later, Ahmad was arrested for the very same thing he was fighting. Hmmm, it s not like a person goes from selling fried chicken to building bombs in just 5 years, right? I m wondering if anyone else can believe that Ahmad went off the reservation because he felt like he was being targeted for being a Muslim or if it s more believable that Ahmad is a Muslim who happens to be an extremist and he s been planning this for some time.
Clinton Foundation Spent 5.7% on Charity; Rest Went to Salaries and Other Expenses Eagle Rising
Back when the news first broke about the pay-to-play corruption involving then-Secretary of State Hillary Clinton and the Clinton Foundation where donors to the foundation were granted political access, including lavish White House State dinners the Clinton campaign responded by focusing on all the supposed good that the foundation has done over the years. I don t think anyone was fooled into thinking that the Clinton Foundation was anything other than a money-making machine for the Clinton family and their well-connected friends. The foundation had to at least have the appearance of being a charity, so they had to divert some of their resources to causes. That way, they could always point to those grants as evidence that they re an organization for good. The Daily Caller reported that only 5.7 percent of the money they raked in went to actual charity: Just 5.7 percent of the Clinton Foundation s massive 2014 budget actually went to charitable grants, according to the tax-exempt organization s IRS filings. The rest went to salaries and employee benefits, fundraising and other expenses. The Clinton Foundation spent a hair under $91.3 million in 2014, the organization s IRS filings show. But less than $5.2 million of that went to charitable grants. That number pales in comparison to the $34.8 million the foundation spent on salaries, compensation and employee benefits. Another $50.4 million was marked as other expenses, while the remaining almost $851K was marked as professional fundraising expenses. Despite taking in an additional $30 million in 2014, the Clinton Foundation spent 40 percent less on charitable grants in 2014 than in 2013. Even as it slashed charitable spending, the foundation increased the amount spent on salaries, employee benefits and compensation by $5 million in 2014. The foundation also spent $5 million more other expenses in 2014. Sometimes, things are exactly as they appear. This was nothing more than a way for the Clintons to make massive amounts of money. And Hillary used her position as Secretary of State to pull money from rich people in exchange for political favors. The views expressed in this opinion article are solely those of their author and are not necessarily either shared or endorsed by EagleRising.com
Obama s Speech In New York Shocks Americans When He Says THIS About Attacks!
Obama s Speech In New York Shocks Americans When He Says THIS About Attacks! I would say our President is useless, but really, this goes beyond useless and right into the realm of arrogance. He has done some pretty brain dead things in the past and has made some incredibly insensitive and idiotic statements but this? This is just tone deaf to the nth power. I m guessing that if you re reading this right now, you keep up with the news, or at least have a tendency to follow breaking events. That being the case, you already know about the couple of bombings that happened in New York and New Jersey over the weekend, as well as the stabbing that occurred in St. Cloud, Minnesota. While you would think that this would be enough to prompt an immediate statement from our elected officials, you would be wrong. Surely you d want to hear the man or woman you voted for stand in solidarity with the people against this kind of terrorism, especially on our own soil. Surely the men and women you elected would at least want to do that much, if not because they actually mean it, then for votes in the upcoming election. 101 Things All Young Adults Should Know by Sir John Hawkins John Hawkins's book 101 Things All Young Adults Should Know is filled with lessons that newly minted adults need in order to get the most out of life. Gleaned from a lifetime of trial, error, and writing it down, Hawkins provides advice everyone can benefit from in short, digestible chapters. Buy Now Well apparently your President doesn t have any such feelings about the matter. In fact, not only did he not talk about the bombings while he was in New York, he ignored them in favor of speaking at a high-dollar fundraiser. Are you outraged yet? It gets better. In lieu of addressing the domestic terror that had just occurred, he lamented the sexism he says has been pushed by the likes of Rush Limbaugh and Fox News (who has more female faces than any mainstream media outlet I ve ever seen, including MSNBC), claiming that they are the reason Hillary Clinton s campaign is going down the tubes. He bashed Trump while lauding Hillary as some kind of savior, while never mentioning the men and women who were injured in explosions that officials agree were terror-related. Critics will say that he didn t have enough information to make an informed statement at the time, but you don t have to know every single detail to say an explosion has taken place here in New York and I would like to take a moment to recognize the people injured and offer them my thoughts and prayers, and would ask you guys to do the same. I will be making a more in-depth statement later as I receive more details. And then move on to the business of the hour. But no, he couldn t even be bothered to do that. Disgusting.
Bill And Hillary Clinton Have A MAJOR AIDS Scandal!
Over the past several months, the American public has become increasingly aware of the massive corruption that has taken place at the Clinton Foundation since Hillary Clinton was Secretary of State. Well, a new report suggests that the foundation is in even more trouble than previously thought. According to the Daily Caller, the foundation, AIDS program distributed watered down drugs to third-world countries. From The Daily Caller: Former President Bill Clinton and his Clinton Health Access Initiative (CHAI) distributed watered-down HIV/AIDs drugs to patients in sub-Saharan Africa, and likely increased the risks of morbidity and mortality, according to a draft congressional report obtained by The Daily Caller News Foundation. The CHAI program to help AIDS victims is considered one of the Clinton Foundation s most important contributions and is probably its best known initiative. The possibility that CHAI distributed adulterated and diluted AIDS drugs to Third World victims could shake the foundations of the Clinton charity and spark a new round of scrutiny in the final weeks of presidential candidate Hillary Clinton s campaign. The congressional study also highlighted the unseemly ties between Bill and two controversial Indian-Americans who have been investigated and sanctioned by the Food and Drug Administration (FDA) and the Securities and Exchange Commission. The most troubling revelations concern the Clinton Foundation s vigorous promotion of Ranbaxy despite mounting evidence the Indian firm had persistently poor quality control and attempted to cover it up through either faulty or fraudulent reporting to the FDA. It is unclear at this juncture how many AIDS patients received the watered-down drugs. This latest report proves that the Clinton Foundation should be SHUT DOWN immediately rather than serve as a means of enriching Bill and Hillary! Do you think that the Clinton Foundation should be shut down immediately before it continues to harm more and more people around the world? Share your thoughts below!
Changing Your Baby's Diaper Is Now A Sex Crime In Arizona
According to this, the Arizona state legislature needs some remedial courses on how to word their bills so that they don t end up with laws that unintentionally ban perfectly normal parenting activities. Case in point. The specific law criminalizes ANY contact between an adult and a child s genitals, so if you re a parent of a child and you ve changed his/her diaper, or given him/her a bath, you re a felon. For real. This is what happens when you have terrible legislators who pass laws forbidding people from intentionally or knowingly touching the genitals of a child under the age of 15. Of course, their intention is to protect children from child molesters, but because they don t know how to write effective legislation, AZ parents are now criminals if they dare to bathe their own kids. The AZ Supreme Court, then, decided to double down, insisting that prosecutors are unlikely to charge parents engaged in innocent conduct. They ruled that defendants will be required to prove their lack of sexual intent. So much for innocent-until-proven-guilty, right? In others words, just trust the prosecutors, y all. There s no need to rewrite or revise a terrible law that criminalizes normal behavior, because prosecutors will use common sense. See? Just trust them. Wow. There are a whole bunch of legal implications to consider here, and you can read those in detail at the sourcelink. But here s an especially interesting tidbit: As Fordham law professor John Pfaff explains, the majority s logic has one final defect: It utterly ignores the reality of plea bargaining, which is how more than 90 percent of criminal cases in America are resolved. Given the immense expense and hassle of a trial, many defendants are pressured into striking a deal with a prosecutor, trading a lighter sentence for an admission of guilt. Arizona prosecutors can now dangle the threat of a probable child molestation conviction to coerce any parent of a young child into taking a plea deal on unrelated charges. With the state Supreme Court s help, Arizona s child molestation laws have been weaponized into a tool for prosecutorial harassment, allowing the state to target any parent or caregiver out of spite or malice, or simply to boost their conviction rates. This terrible decision has gutted constitutional rights and turned many of the state s residents into unknowing criminals. Barring intervention by the U.S. Supreme Court, due process has now been suspended for Arizona s parents and caregivers. Yikes. But I m sure it ll all just work itself out. We should just trust the government on this, y all. Because doesn t government always know best?
Michelle Obama NOT Leaving The White House Hillary Clinton Has Terrifying New Role For Her!?!?
Michelle Obama NOT Leaving The White House Hillary Clinton Has Terrifying New Role For Her!?!? The idea that I might have to spend the next 4 years continuing to cover the Obamas is actually making me a little ill. I was done with them after the first few days of the Barack Obama Presidency, but it would appear that Hillary Clinton has some roles for the President and First Lady after her coronation election. What exactly is First Lady Michelle Obama s legacy? Trying to force our growing children to eat like anorexic bunnies and having scientific evaluations prove that her school lunch program is a bunch of crap? Or perhaps it will be the infamous for the first time in my life I m proud of my country. I personally will remember her for strong hashtag activism and her #BringBackOurGirls sign. But why remember her when one of the Presidential nominees promises to bring her into her administration? *insert mechanical applause here* But what would her role be? What is she even qualified to do? It s not hard to figure out what Hillary Clinton wants her to do when you remember that Clinton believes that the government should have a major role in bringing up YOUR children. If you doubt that, read this tweet: 101 Things All Young Adults Should Know by Sir John Hawkins John Hawkins's book 101 Things All Young Adults Should Know is filled with lessons that newly minted adults need in order to get the most out of life. Gleaned from a lifetime of trial, error, and writing it down, Hawkins provides advice everyone can benefit from in short, digestible chapters. Buy Now I mean, how do you expect to influence how people think when they are allowed to teach their own children? For an additional wave of nausea, read Hillary go on and on about her faith and how it has led her to her progressive/liberal ideology. Of course, Michelle Obama herself said that she has no plans to slow down her attack on the way we raise our own kids, as reported by The Washington Post. Back in February, she said at a health-care summit that she does not plan to slow down on her healthy living campaign for kids, either. I do not have a one- or two-year horizon for this work, she said. I have a rest-of-my-life horizon. This reeks of desperation. Is Hillary trying to capture the I don t like Hillary, but I do like the Obamas vote? Or maybe she thinks that with a woman of color at the helm, people will find it harder to speak out about the indoctrination taking place because, you know, racism or something. Either way, I m absolutely uncomfortable with the idea of progressives taking the reins of the education of American children. The government is not one gigantic parental unit, nor should it be viewed as one. That is an extremely dangerous idea to have, as nothing good has EVER come out of complete government control over the average citizen.
New Clinton Foundation SCANDAL Just Broke This Is What Hillary ACTUALLY Thinks About Black People
New Clinton Foundation SCANDAL Just Broke This Is What Hillary ACTUALLY Thinks About Black People This is just criminal and it is no surprise it involves the Clinton Health Access Initiative. Anything with Clinton in it has to be corrupt, but this resulted in the deaths of many, many Africans. They distributed watered-down HIV/AIDs drugs to patients, virtually sentencing them to death. An Indian drug manufacturer called Ranbaxy was behind this the question is, did the Clintons know about it. I m betting that they did. Ranbaxy was eventually found guilty in 2013 on seven counts with intent to defraud and the introduction of adulterated drugs into interstate commerce. The DOJ also levied a $500 million fine and forfeiture against the company. So, one wonders why the Clintons were not also looked into and questioned on all of this. This is the largest false claims case ever prosecuted in the District of Maryland, and the nation s largest financial penalty paid by a generic pharmaceutical company, said US Attorney for the District of Maryland Rod J. Rosenstein when Ranbaxy pleaded guilty. From The Daily Caller: Former President Bill Clinton and his Clinton Health Access Initiative (CHAI) distributed watered-down HIV/AIDs drugs to patients in sub-Saharan Africa, and likely increased the risks of morbidity and mortality, according to a draft congressional report obtained by The Daily Caller News Foundation. The congressional report, titled, The Clinton Foundation and The India Success Story, was initiated by Rep. Marsha Blackburn, a Tennessee Republican and vice-chair of the House Energy and Commerce Committee. The CHAI program to help AIDS victims is considered one of the Clinton Foundation s most important contributions and is probably its best known initiative. 101 Things All Young Adults Should Know by Sir John Hawkins John Hawkins's book 101 Things All Young Adults Should Know is filled with lessons that newly minted adults need in order to get the most out of life. Gleaned from a lifetime of trial, error, and writing it down, Hawkins provides advice everyone can benefit from in short, digestible chapters. Buy Now The congressional report focused on Clinton s decade-long relationship with a controversial Indian drug manufacturer called Ranbaxy, which CHAI used as one of its main distributors of HIV/AIDS drugs to Third World countries. It also highlighted the work of Dinesh Thakur, a former Ranbaxy employee who became a star whistleblower, permitting the U.S. government to launch a landmark lawsuit against the Indian firm. The company was vulnerable to U.S. prosecution because it also sold its generic drugs on the U.S. market. Ranbaxy ultimately pleaded guilty in 2013 to seven criminal counts with intent to defraud and the introduction of adulterated drugs into interstate commerce. The question becomes, how many people lost their lives, how many people found it was a false promise, asked Blackburn in an interview with the DCNF. This could definitely bring further scrutiny to the Clinton charities and to the Clintons themselves. Right when they need it least. A congressional study has uncovered inappropriate ties between Bill Clinton and the two Indian-Americans who were investigated and sanctioned by the FDA and the SEC. What is very troubling is the Clinton Foundation s aggressive promotion of Ranbaxy despite mounting evidence that the Indian firm had persistently poor quality control and attempted to cover it up through either faulty or fraudulent reporting to the FDA. It is unclear at this juncture how many AIDS patients received the watered-down drugs. But that it happened at all, surely resulted in many deaths and is just monstrous. All for money. ProPublica estimated that in 2007 alone, the US Agency for International Development allocated $9 million to Ranbaxy and delivered more than $1.8 million packages. Substandard HIV medicines cause health problems for patients, perhaps even accelerating death from HIV-related infections, Roger Bate, an economist at the American Enterprise Institute who researches substandard and counterfeit medicines, told the DCNF. Ranbaxy s generic drugs are banned in the US, but they are still selling and distributing HIV/AIDs drugs worldwide. The Clinton Foundation and Clinton s charity have not severed ties with them either. Companies that partner with The Clinton Foundation and charities make a ton of money. Corruption is rampant. Bill and Hillary Clinton obviously care nothing about black people or humans in general their primary interest is monetary.
BREAKING: Judge DEMANDS Release Of Clinton s Security Training Files She Has 5 Days
BREAKING: Judge DEMANDS Release Of Clinton s Security Training Files She Has 5 Days Just like Barack Obama and many people in his orbit, Hillary Clinton and her minions could never, ever in a million years pass a background security check. There are probably numerous terrorists who have cleaner backgrounds than these people and that s no joke. They shouldn t be cleared to clean a toilet there. The Daily Caller News Foundation has been trying to get documents from the State Department forever concerning Clinton and her top aides completing recommended security training, briefings or courses on said security. Not only are these people willing morons concerning security, they have no desire to find out what they should and shouldn t do. It s called deniable plausibility. The Daily Caller News Foundation filed a FOIA lawsuit to get these people to produce mountains of documents. Will they see them before the election? A judge has ordered it I wouldn t hold my breath. From The Daily Caller: A frustrated federal judge ordered the State Department to begin producing within five days hundreds of documents on whether required or recommended security training, briefings or courses were completed by former Secretary of State Hillary Clinton and her top aides. Judge Richard Leon ruled Tuesday in favor of The Daily Caller News Foundation by rejecting the State Department s motion to dismiss TheDCNF s Freedom of Information Act lawsuit concerning production of the documents originally sought under the Freedom of Information Act. But he also denied TheDCNF s request to depose State Department officials. 101 Things All Young Adults Should Know by Sir John Hawkins John Hawkins's book 101 Things All Young Adults Should Know is filled with lessons that newly minted adults need in order to get the most out of life. Gleaned from a lifetime of trial, error, and writing it down, Hawkins provides advice everyone can benefit from in short, digestible chapters. Buy Now The State Department has been unable to produce any records confirming that Clinton and her top aides received mandatory annual security briefings about the proper handling of classified materials and the proper methods for conducting secure communications. In addition to Clinton, TheDCNF seeks the same records for former Clinton Chief of Staff Cheryl Mills, Deputy Chief of Staff Huma Abedin and Advisor Jacob Sullivan. Huma Abedin is especially suspect in security matters here. But these corruptocrats have not complied with anything else yet, I don t look for them to do so this time. And for some reason they are never held to account for it. The rest of us would be in jail guess we just aren t the right people . Judge Richard Leon is getting fed up with State Department foot-dragging in releasing the documents. He ordered the department to release one third of the 400 documents by Sept. 26th and the rest of them by Oct. 10th. Bradley Moss, one of the attorneys representing TheDCNF, said Judge Leon s Order made clear his frustration with the State Department s continued obstruction of the FOIA process. State will either meet his deadline or face the consequences of failure. I hope they carry through with those consequences this time. It s getting trite with the finger wagging and admonitions while just letting them get away with hell. The word for this is corruption . State Department officials admitted in a July 29th response to TheDCNF that their failure to produce the requested documents meant the courses were not completed by Clinton or her aides. Well, duh. That s for peons, not the elite evidently.
Networks Confirm They Will Not Be Fact-Checking Donald Trump In Any Way
There s already been hints from NBC News that Lester Holt, the moderator for the first presidential debate between Donald Trump and Hillary Clinton, will not be fact checking the candidates. This, of course, will allow Trump to say anything he pleases without being held accountable except by Hillary Clinton. But to make matters worse, all cable news networks (including those critical of Trump) are pledging to be completely spineless, and will not offer any on-screen fact checks to any comments made by the candidates that are wrong: While on-screen fact-checking could help expose inaccurate or misleading assertions without interrupting the flow of the debate, nearly all of the major cable or broadcast networks, including Univision and Telemundo, said that they would not use any sort on screen fact check or graphics . Thus, the burden of keeping the candidates honest will likely come down to Holt, the only other person on the stage. After Politico documented that Trump lies on average every three-and-a-half minutes, one would think a fact checking process would be paramount to an honest, open debate on the issues. But sadly, the media, realizing their ratings are on the line, would rather kowtow to Donald Trump and his band of deplorable surrogates. The Clinton campaign has been forceful in its effort to hold Trump accountable, with Clinton Campaign Communications Director Jennifer Palmieri telling reporters: For the moderator to let lies like that that come out of his mouth at this debate to go unchallenged would give Donald Trump an unfair advantage. We do believe it is the role of the moderator to call out those lies and to do that in real time. Unfortunately, with Trump s impending lies already on the brink of not being checked for falsehoods, it s somehow up to Hillary Clinton to shine at the debate if she hopes to win. This double standard that the most qualified woman to every run for office has to go above and beyond that most unqualified nominee in history, just to look slightly better than him, is abhorrent. Hopefully, Clinton will wipe the floor with Trump on the first debate, but with no one to back her up, it may be hard convincing the American people that she did it. If there is one thing this election has shown us, it s that journalism is dying, if not already dead. Featured image via Sara D. Davis/Getty Images
Decades-Old Clinton Friend Comes Forward, Says She Knows What's Happening to Hillary
Advertisement - story continues below One of former President Bill Clinton s oldest friends has come forward and said what she believed was wrong with Democrat presidential nominee Hillary Clinton, and if she s right, it could be detrimental to the former secretary of state. Dolly Kyle, author of Hillary the Other Woman, said Clinton has been cruisin for a bruisin , because she s so angry and driven by rage. People like that eventually break down, physically. Hillary Clinton is not physically fit to be president, Kyle told WND. Anyone who believes that she is has their eyes closed. If she was in a wheelchair or blind or something like that, she could still do the job. But she is losing her mental capabilities, she s suffering from real cognitive impairment. Advertisement - story continues below Kyle, an award-winning lawyer, also said Clinton is showing evidence of emotional instability, memory loss and difficulty carrying out tasks. These symptoms coupled with Clinton s paranoia and desire to control could only result in a psychological disaster. That paranoia, that tendency to be a control freak, has always been a part of her personality, Kyle said, and it s simply not a good combination for anyone much less the president of the United States. Advertisement - story continues below Kyle said she wrote her book because she wanted everyone to know the truth about Hillary Clinton and Clinton s health was just one troubling aspect of a larger picture. Clinton is addicted to power, and will stop at nothing to get what she wants even if it means jeopardizing her health and the Democrat party, according to Kyle. She has been running for president ever since she took hold of Billy Clinton s coattails so many decades ago in 1971, the lawyer said. This was more bad news for Clinton, who has struggled to keep a positive image while deflecting scandals not only about her health but about her character and her ability to lead this country. Advertisement - story continues below Share this story and let us know what you think about Dolly Kyle s claim that Hillary Clinton is losing her mental capacities.
We Don t Adapt To Your Culture, You Adapt To Ours
America needs to get with the program when it comes to immigration. Yes, we are a nation of immigrants, the proverbial melting pot. More importantly we are UNITED STATES of AMERICA. There should be no more of this each to their own garbage when it comes to how immigrants want to live their lives. If they want to stick with their own programs then they should have stayed put in their countries of origin. (Via JewsNews) Quebec mayor gives Muslim refugees a little piece of his mind by spilling the truth that Canadians don t adapt to them, it s the other way around. MUSLIMS MUST UNDERSTAND THAT THEY MUST ADAPT TO CANADA, ITS CUSTOMS, ITS TRADITIONS, ITS WAY OF LIFE, BECAUSE IT WAS THE COUNTRY THAT WAS CHOSEN TO EMIGRATE. YOU HAVE TO UNDERSTAND THAT THEY ARE THE ONES THAT THEY MUST INTEGRATE AND LEARN TO LIVE IN CANADA. NEED TO UNDERSTAND THAT THEY HAVE TO BE FOR THEM TO CHANGE THEIR LIFESTYLE, NOT THE CANADIANS WHO SO GENEROUSLY WELCOMED THEM. YOU MUST UNDERSTAND THAT CANADIANS ARE NOT RACIST OR XENOPHOBIC. WE ACCEPT MANY IMMIGRANTS, IN MANY COUNTRIES WITH DIFFERENT CULTURES AND RELIGIONS, CONTRADICTING TO MANY MUSLIM COUNTRIES WHICH DO NOT ACCEPT IMMIGRANTS NON-MUSLIMS. FOR THIS REASON, THE CANADIANS ARE NOT WILLING TO GIVE UP THEIR IDENTITY AND THEIR CULTURE. FINALLY, THEY HAVE TO UNDERSTAND THAT IN CANADA, WITH ITS JUDEO-CHRISTIAN ROOTS, CHRISTMAS TREES, CHURCHES AND RELIGIOUS FESTIVALS, RELIGION MUST REMAIN IN THE PRIVATE SPHERE. THE MUNICIPALITY OF DURVAL HAS THE RIGHT TO REFUSE ANY CONCESSIONS TO ISLAM AND SHARIA LAW. FOR MUSLIMS, WHO ARE NOT IN AGREEMENT WITH THE CANADIAN CULTURE AND RELIGION AND DO NOT FEEL COMFORTABLE IN CANADA, THERE ARE 57 BEAUTIFUL MUSLIM COUNTRIES IN THE WORLD, MOST OF THEM UNDER-POPULATED AND READY TO RECEIVE THEM WITH OPEN ARMS, IN ACCORDANCE WITH SHARIA LAW. IF YOU LEFT HIS COUNTRY TO COME TO CANADA, AND NOT TO A MUSLIM COUNTRY, IT IS BECAUSE YOU HAVE CONSIDERED THAT LIFE IS BETTER IN CANADA THAN IN OTHER PLACES. HELP YOURSELF TO THE QUESTION, JUST ONCE: WHY IS IT BETTER HERE IN CANADA THAT WHERE IT COMES FROM. It boggles my mind that many feel that they have the right or the authority to control other peoples lives. This is the direct opposite of what we feel as humans. While most Americans are perplexed as to how a foreign entity could trump American law on our own sovereign soil, Texas isn t waiting for the courts to intervene on the issue, but rather pass immediate legislation baring any attempt to institute Sharia law within the American Judicial System Because Muslims cannot eat a particular meal, should mean they should bring their own. The few should never out weigh the many, especially when it comes to adopted culture. Adopt it, or don t. Just do block others from it. Boom. There it is. AND, that is the philosophy we ought to have. Integrate or Vacate, but don t try to change us. You will fail.
White Guy Walled In Car By BlackLivesMatter Protesters They See What He s Brandishing And Scatter
White Guy Walled In Car By BlackLivesMatter Protesters They See What He s Brandishing And Scatter What do you do if you re sitting in your vehicle and suddenly you re surrounded by a seemingly hostile group? Step one should obviously be to lock your doors to make it just a little bit harder for them to break in. Step two is up to you. Do you put the pedal to the floor and power through? Do you call the police and wait. This guy had another idea entirely and it worked like a charm. 101 Things All Young Adults Should Know by Sir John Hawkins John Hawkins's book 101 Things All Young Adults Should Know is filled with lessons that newly minted adults need in order to get the most out of life. Gleaned from a lifetime of trial, error, and writing it down, Hawkins provides advice everyone can benefit from in short, digestible chapters. Buy Now A random white guy was driving through the riots taking place in North Carolina when he was surrounded by the protesters/rioters. The photographer who witnessed the incident thought that he was going to get mugged, but for some reason they just let him through. That seems very bizarre considering that we ve seen videos of rioters stopping cargo trucks, stealing the items within and lightening them on fire. That being the case, why would they just let one guy go? Well, they saw what he was waving out the window and they must have thought that it was in their best interest to leave him alone. While being white in the middle of an angry BLM mob would usually be a death sentence, this guy had thought ahead. When his car was surrounded, he calmly rolled down his window and let the protesters know that he had a handgun. The group quickly dispersed and let the man continue driving to his destination. This is exactly how people should handle these kinds of situations. Do you think that he did the right thing? Or should he just have driven through?
The Black Sphere with Kevin Jackson
Chicago Environmentalist Scumbags Leftists are in constant contradiction, like the Chicago environmentalist scumbags. No matter the issue, Leftists are for it, before they are against it. As long as the issues doesn t impact Liberals personally, they remain content. Leftist support the military, until they decide to make the military into baby-killers. Also, Leftist embrace law enforcement, until it s time for them decry law enforcement. Now we have another such issue as reported in the Washington Times. The same Chicago environmentalists who blocked filmmaker George Lucas from building a museum last month are now welcoming the nearby Obama presidential library, sparking accusations of political hypocrisy. Juanita Irizarry, executive director of Friends of the Parks, said Friday that her group is thrilled to see Obama Presidential Center being built in a park on Chicago s South Side. Just five weeks ago, the group forced Mr. Lucas to abandon his plans for a similar lakefront project about seven miles north of the proposed Obama site after a two-year legal battle. So much for white privilege, huh George?! The Chicago environmentalist scumbags decision contradicts their own charter. The Obama center requires bulldozing trees and grass at Jackson Park. Meanwhile, the proposed Lucas museum would have been built on a parking lot used by Chicago Bears fans for tailgating. Let s see; wrecking the environment for the black man s library or razing a parking lot for the white guy. Every environmentalists dilemma? Pretty much an environmental no brainer, unless you re dealing with hypocrite Liberals, and crooked Chicago politics.
Obama: I bet when I die you ll be happy to pee on my grave.
This is a true story. General Stanley McChrystal was the Commander of US Forces in Afghanistan and he had frequent disagreements on the conduct of the war with his Commander-in-Chief. At one point McChrystal was called into the Oval Office and he knew his Army career was about to be over. When former U.S. Military Commander in Afghanistan, Stanley McChrystal, was called into the Oval Office by Barack Obama, he knew things weren t going to go well when the President accused him of not supporting him in his political role as President. It s not my job to support you as a politician, Mr. President, it s my job to support you as Commander-in-Chief, McChrystal replied, and he handed Obama his resignation. Barack Obama has a long history of hating the US military and men and women who serve. He is never one to let someone have the last word but he failed in this instance. Not satisfied with accepting McChrystal s resignation the President made a cheap parting shot. I bet when I die you ll be happy to pee on my grave. The General saluted. Mr. President, I always told myself after leaving the Army I d never stand in line again. Good job General McChrystal. I m pretty sure that after five or six years of being in the ground the line will have diminished enough so that you won t have to stand in line. You re an honorable man, we know you wouldn t cut in front of others. 906
SURPRISE! 70% Of Charlotte RIOTERS Are Not From There Guess What That Means [VIDEO]
SURPRISE! 70% Of Charlotte RIOTERS Are Not From There Guess What That Means [VIDEO] Imagine that at least 70% of the rioters in Charlotte, North Carolina were bused in. They had out of state IDs. Looks like it was well planned. I know here in Tulsa, hubby had to leave work early yesterday. We got word that Black Lives Matter was busing people into Tulsa as well. In our case, things stayed pretty peaceful fortunately. They weren t so lucky in Charlotte. The head of the police union there came right out and said these were professional criminals that were brought in. This is the way the communists have organized these protests from the beginning. Wait for something to happen that causes outrage. Use the black community as useful tools for your agenda. Bus in outside radicals and then get your violence on. The people that are behind all this want race riots and chaos in our streets. Charlotte was a wild success for them Tulsa, not so much. From Louder with Crowder: Wait, the bulk of the people rioting in North Carolina are coming from out of state? Shut up. Generally speaking when there s a riot like this, it s all from people who are from the community, care about their community, and know what they re even rioting about in the first place. No, no, that s not sarcasm. Shut up. 101 Things All Young Adults Should Know by Sir John Hawkins John Hawkins's book 101 Things All Young Adults Should Know is filled with lessons that newly minted adults need in order to get the most out of life. Gleaned from a lifetime of trial, error, and writing it down, Hawkins provides advice everyone can benefit from in short, digestible chapters. Buy Now Take it away CNN This is not Charlotte that s out here. These are outside entities that are coming in and causing these problems. These are not protestors, these are criminals. We ve got the instigators that are coming in from the outside. They were coming in on buses from out of state. If you go back and look at some of the arrests that were made last night. I can about say probably 70% of those had out-of-state IDs. They re not coming from Charlotte. I think the reason it did not work here in Tulsa is that the populace here is not nearly so sympathetic to Black Lives Matter. Also, the police officer who shot the black man has now been charged with Manslaughter. I still contend she had grounds to shoot the guy, but the charge probably diffused the situation somewhat. Charlotte has a large Black Lives Matter contingent and since there have been other events there, it was primed already for a riot. It s not a conservative haven anymore and works well for their political agenda. These people don t care about the facts or that black people are dying. They are looking for an excuse to riot and create chaos. That s their goal it s part of wanting to burn all of America down. It s what communists do they want their revolution and race wars and they want them now.
Hillary's DEAD!?!? Brand New Theory Has Serious PROOF
Hillary Clinton s health is the top issue in the Presidential campaign. Once considered a conspiracy theory, Americans now see that Hillary Clinton suffers from serious problems, including neurological diseases. After her September 11th collapse and fainting, even the pro-Hillary media can t hide the truth. Now, expert Clif Hite (below) comes up with the most compelling theory about Hillary Clinton s health yet, and you haven t heard it before. He believes Hillary has died, and is replaced by multiple body doubles and CGI images. If true, this is the biggest coverup in the history of American politics. What a bombshell!: As BeforeItsNews reports: Note: Russian Intel is using my video to prove they used Green Screen in Greensboro! It s all fake folks! You ll see my video below. The Russians who track Hillary say she never left Chelsea s apartment and she s using doubles! Also check out the part where Russia shows the emails proving Hillary was in a secret plane crash and hurt badly! At first they laugh at Sorcha Faal s report but then admit it s credible ! Huge info here! Stew Webb and Tom Heneghan reported on this plane crash when it happened! Do you believe that Hillary Clinton was injured or killed in a crash, and replaced by CGI? Please leave us a comment (below) and tell us.
EXPOSED: Soros Funding Fake Veterans PAC To Take Trump Down
EXPOSED: Soros Funding Fake Veterans PAC To Take Trump Down A couple months ago, Discover the Networks revealed a list of 187 groups who were funded by Soros. They have naturally been attacking the presidential candidate who is generally against their values like open borders, amnesty, giving illegals voting rights, Muslim migration and social justice. So, WHY then is Soros caught again? Now a new organization is going after Trump and sure enough, they re funded by Soros TOO! It s called Common Defense PAC and their mantra is: As veterans, we swore to protect the rights of every American. We continue to fulfill this promise by standing against Donald Trump. Then on the leadership team page on the website it lists a bunch of military veterans with no contact information for them. On their social media you see the same stuff. They feature videos and materials from other PACs that are ALSO funded by George Soros. Common Defense PAC shared one of its own anti-Trump video ads, which has a Common Defense PAC logo on it at the end, right underneath a URL link to a MoveOn.org petition called Senator Portman: Disavow Donald Trump. The PAC routinely promotes the Twitter hashtag #VetsAgainstTrump, which is also promoted routinely by MoveOn.org. MoveOn.org s Political Action arm has also put out advertising for the #VetsAgainstTrump hashtag. 101 Things All Young Adults Should Know by Sir John Hawkins John Hawkins's book 101 Things All Young Adults Should Know is filled with lessons that newly minted adults need in order to get the most out of life. Gleaned from a lifetime of trial, error, and writing it down, Hawkins provides advice everyone can benefit from in short, digestible chapters. Buy Now The Common Defense PAC logo also shows up on an image on the web page for a Thunderclap campaign called #StandwithVets: #DumpTrump. The campaign had a social media reach of more than 4.5 million people and was supported by actor Mark Ruffalo and leftist pundit Van Jones. MoveOn.org was listed as the organizer of the Thunderclap campaign. MoveOn.org and Common Defense PAC worked together on a live protest to pressure John McCain to un-endorse Donald J. Trump. ThinkProgress reported on August 4th that veterans came to the Capitol to deliver McCain a petition, organized by progressive group MoveOn.org in conjunction with veterans group Common Defense PAC, calling for him to revoke his support for the Republican presidential nominee. Common sense PAC s July quarterly filing report with the FEC lists ONLY one donor: a Baltimore IT consultant named Marjorie Roswell who gave $20,000 on June 30th. And then the group s Director, Perry O Brien has been a longtime left-wing activist. His Iraq Veterans Against the War bio describes him: Perry O Brien served as a medic in Afghanistan with the 82nd Airborne Division and was discharged as a conscientious objector in 2004. For several years he ran peace-out.com, a website providing support for other soldiers seeking to become conscientious objectors. He has been an active member of Iraq Veterans Against the War, and was a key organizer of Winter Soldier: Iraq and Afghanistan. The PAC that s suppose to be Veterans against Trump consists of only 1 conscientious objector. You can hardly call that a veteran, right? O Brien personally started a MoveOn.org petition called Tell GOP leaders to disavow Trump and his attacks on veterans. The petition is probably what grabbed Soros attention to get O Brien to start the shallow PAC. With all of these shell groups being created solely to destroy Trump and funded by Soros, do you think that Trump stands a chance against the Left?
OUTRAGE! Obama Spends $770M Dollars In Tax Payer Money To Renovate Mosques Over Seas [VIDEO]
OUTRAGE! Obama Spends $770M Dollars In Tax Payer Money To Renovate Mosques Over Seas [VIDEO] CBS exposing Obama paying for the renovation of mosques is actually a story from 2015. But it got little media attention then and he s still doing it. He s diverting hundreds of millions of US dollars to overseas mosques to renovate them. Tell me again how he is not a Muslim. This just screams it. And people wonder why he grovels before the Mullahs of Iran why he gives ISIS a pass why he is terraforming the US into a Muslim nation. Set aside for a moment that we are broke, due to Marxist policies implemented ever since Reagan left office it s where the money is being spent that makes your blood run cold. By all accounts, we are funding Islamic terrorists right and left. We are funding their countries, their schools, their mosques we are funding their wars as well, even against America. From TruthFeed: You Didn t Build That Oh Wait, You Did! A CBS news investigation found that the Obama State Department is sending hundreds of millions of dollars to save mosques overseas outraging taxpayer advocates and raising enormous questions about aid to potentially terror-supporting groups with U.S. foreign aid. 101 Things All Young Adults Should Know by Sir John Hawkins John Hawkins's book 101 Things All Young Adults Should Know is filled with lessons that newly minted adults need in order to get the most out of life. Gleaned from a lifetime of trial, error, and writing it down, Hawkins provides advice everyone can benefit from in short, digestible chapters. Buy Now The United States investment of millions to refurbish mosques as a good-will effort in Muslim countries has upset many. We are spending money we don t have. This is all on a gigantic credit card right now, said Jared Thomas, a taxpayer advocate. Millions more dollars have been sent to places like Cyprus. The State Department displays before and after pictures of mosques refurbished with U.S. tax dollars. Many of us lost almost everything in the last economic downturn. Fully one third of Americans are now out of work. We can t make ends meet and our country can t pay its bills yet somehow, Obama can send well over $770 million to Islamic countries to refurbish their mosques. It makes your eyes bleed. The State Department declined a CBS Atlanta News request for an interview. Anchor Justin Farmer wanted to ask why we are using tax dollars to refurbish religious buildings overseas something we all want to know. The State Department did send CBS Atlanta News an email saying that they are: Fighting Islamic extremism by building relationships with Islamic leaders. What bovine excrement. Let me spell it out. Our so-called wealth is being redistributed to Islamists and their countries. Our treasury is being emptied and given to terrorists. Then we invite these enemies in and place them in positions of power in the US. And while we are at it, we bring in hundreds of thousands of Muslim refugees and place them throughout the country, especially in conservative strongholds, thereby changing and controlling the voting demographic. This is a coup from without and from within the enemy is now among us.
BOOM! Marines Send TERRORISTS Scathing Message [VIDEO]
BOOM! Marines Send TERRORISTS Scathing Message [VIDEO] There s a reason that it s called terrorism. It s because ISIS, and terrorist groups like them, use fear and propaganda as a means to intimidate people into getting what they want. With ISIS and other Islamic terrorists, what they want is to force people to convert to Islam and live their lives subservient to their Muslim rulers. Anyone who refuses is branded an infidel and faces death. ISIS even puts out hit lists of those who they want to target for their non-belief. While the notion of being put on a terrorist hit list may strike fear into most people s hearts, Marines aren t bothered in the slightest. They welcome it, actually, because if the terrorists try to attack the Marines, then they don t have to worry about hunting them down. Not only are they not intimidated, they re rubbing their lack of intimidation in the terrorists faces. A series of billboards have been erected across the nation to let terrorists know that Marines are ready for them. And it surely will make terrorists think twice before taking on the United States Marine Corps: 101 Things All Young Adults Should Know by Sir John Hawkins John Hawkins's book 101 Things All Young Adults Should Know is filled with lessons that newly minted adults need in order to get the most out of life. Gleaned from a lifetime of trial, error, and writing it down, Hawkins provides advice everyone can benefit from in short, digestible chapters. Buy Now Considering how many terrorist attacks the United States has seen over the past year, there couldn t be a better time for the Marine Corps to send this message to the terrorists. Liberals were furious over it naturally, but they will bend over backwards to placate terrorists and will do everything they can to prevent Americans from being able to defend themselves. Who cares what they think? And this message drives a stake right through the heart of the terrorist agenda. Remember, what they want is to make people afraid. These billboards show that not only are the Marines not afraid, they re ready to take the fight to the terrorists. If we re not afraid, then the terrorists lose. Sorry, ISIS. Game over. Share this on Facebook if you agree with this badass statement!
BOOM! Charlotte Officials FINALLY Silence Rioters With One E P I C Announcement! [VIDEO]
BOOM! Charlotte Officials FINALLY Silence Rioters With One E P I C Announcement! [VIDEO] The rioting in Charlotte has practically crippled the city. Businesses were looted, windows were smashed. So-called protesters have committed any number of crimes, from arson and assault, to murder. North Carolina Governor Pat McCrory was forced to declare a state of emergency and called in the National Guard to get the situation under control. And now, government officials have had enough too. They just made a huge announcement that will have people thinking twice before they start protesting again. Officials just released a proclamation that says any people caught rioting, looting, destroying property or otherwise being violent in any unlawful manner will have their government benefits permanently revoked. But it doesn t end there any minor children who participate in the violence will face the same repercussions and so will their parents. The parents of minors caught rioting will not only be held accountable for their child s actions, but they could face losing their state benefits as well. They could also face referrals to social services and could potentially lose custody of their children. Parents are responsible for their children. If they are allowing them to engage in lawless behaviors there will be consequences for them as parents, city official Wilson Stewart said during a press conference. Many of the individuals we have detained are high school students. We urge parents out there to know where their children are at all times until tensions are quelled. Have them adhere to the mandatory curfew. Make them aware that participation in looting, destruction of property and violently demonstrating on any level will come with severe penalties. 101 Things All Young Adults Should Know by Sir John Hawkins John Hawkins's book 101 Things All Young Adults Should Know is filled with lessons that newly minted adults need in order to get the most out of life. Gleaned from a lifetime of trial, error, and writing it down, Hawkins provides advice everyone can benefit from in short, digestible chapters. Buy Now Will this keep protesters from turning violent? Will it prevent thugs from exploiting a tragic death so they can have an excuse to riot and loot and attack people? Only time will tell, but at least now they will know that there are serious consequences to their actions. Parents may also be more inclined to keep an eye on their kids and you know act like parents. Let s be real, if your kid is caught rioting and looting, then there s a good chance you re not doing a good job at parenting. Officials have also put a curfew into place as they work to restore peace and order in Charlotte.
BREAKING: Steps to FORCE FBI Director Comey to Resign In Process Hearing Decides His Fate Sept 28
BREAKING: Steps to FORCE FBI Director Comey to Resign In Process Hearing Decides His Fate Sept 28 The FBI investigation of the Hillary Clinton e-mail scandal, where they acknowledged criminal activity yet refused to charge her anyway, has ignited a firestorm of criticism and it looks like FBI Director James Comey might be the first casualty when heads start to roll. Comey gave immunity to all of Hillary s top aides, including Chief of Staff Cheryl Mills, even though Mills had refused to cooperate with the FBI throughout the investigation and allegedly refused to give investigators her computer for examination. Now, the House Judiciary Committee has scheduled a hearing for September 28th that will decide Comey s fate. Former U.S. Attorney Joseph DiGenova has loudly called for Comey to resign and when that did not happen, demanded that he lose his job. This now gets to the point of a serious question as to the director s fitness for office, DiGenova said. He believes that the FBI should have had a grand jury convened and a subpoena issued for Mills computer. The contours of this investigation are so embarrassing to the FBI because it is now clear that they immunized people who had criminal exposure and did not conduct a proper investigation before they gave immunity, he said. This was not a real investigation. This was a protected investigation designed to look like an investigation. DiGenova demanded that Congress hold hearings to look into the investigation and evidently, they listened. This week, Comey will have to answer for his behavior. 101 Things All Young Adults Should Know by Sir John Hawkins John Hawkins's book 101 Things All Young Adults Should Know is filled with lessons that newly minted adults need in order to get the most out of life. Gleaned from a lifetime of trial, error, and writing it down, Hawkins provides advice everyone can benefit from in short, digestible chapters. Buy Now Will Congress hold Comey responsible for this joke of an investigation? He isn t just having to face a hearing; he s been issued a subpoena from Congress, too. Congress has repeatedly requested that Comey provide certain documents on Clinton s email scandal and he has repeatedly failed to provide them. In a further attempt to get Comey to comply, Lamar Smith of Texas has slapped Comey with a subpoena compelling him to cough up the documents. How loyal is Comey to Hillary, really? Is he really willing to lose his career or even go to prison to cover for her? And if the answer to that question is yes, then the new question becomes why?
Hillary s TOP Donor Country Just Auctioned Off ISIS Sex Slaves
Hillary s TOP Donor Country Just Auctioned Off ISIS Sex Slaves Why in the hell do we still support Saudi Arabia? We don t need their oil we would make do. The majority of the 9/11 terrorists came from Saudi Arabia, as does the Bin Laden family. The Saudi deputy crown prince told reporters in June the Kingdom of Saudi Arabia has funded 20% of Hillary Clinton s campaign. She s taking money from a stone cold enemy and that s not the only one by any means. You do not consort or take money from those who intend to destroy your country period. That goes for Middle Eastern countries such as Saudi Arabia, Russia, China, Iran and North Korea. It also includes any dictatorship or communist strongman. We never learn our lesson, do we? Now it comes to light that Saudi Arabia is selling ISIS sex slaves off to the highest bidder at public auctions. Iraqis, Syrians, Saudis and WESTERNERS all bought slaves at the auction. This is monstrous and going on right out in the open. It should be stopped cold whatever it takes. Britain needs to stop selling the Saudis weapons and we need to pull our politicians out of the Saudi bedroom and back home. They are killing us and enslaving women and children. How can we silently stand by while this evil goes on? From Jihad Watch: It isn t news that the Islamic State has long been abusing and trafficking sex slaves especially Yazidi girls but it has been now discovered that the sex slaves of IS are being sold in horrifying auctions to UK ally Saudi Arabia. An eyewitness reported: 101 Things All Young Adults Should Know by Sir John Hawkins John Hawkins's book 101 Things All Young Adults Should Know is filled with lessons that newly minted adults need in order to get the most out of life. Gleaned from a lifetime of trial, error, and writing it down, Hawkins provides advice everyone can benefit from in short, digestible chapters. Buy Now Dozens of women were being held in a large room, and it was not only Iraqis and Syrians trading women but also Saudis and Westerners, whose actual nationality was not clear. Western women have also been reported to be among the victims in keeping with the Islamic State s practice of enslaving kafir women: The Islamic State s human trafficking operation includes enslaving women who they consider to be kafir , non-Muslim people like Yazidis and Christians, before selling them for money. The depraved thugs are also involved in the radicalisation of young women all over the world and try to tempt them to come to their caliphate with false promises of wealth, marriage and forgiveness of sin. As these women are rescued from ISIS, they are not being given freedom. They are being sold on the auction block into a hellish existence. These are the people that Hillary Clinton takes money from, makes deals with and hobnobs with. Monsters of a feather. I have said for a long time, not only are the Saudis sponsoring ISIS, so are the Russians. We are being played. Our own president is complicit. Let s not elect another corrupt demon who cares nothing of women and children being sold to rapists. After all, Hillary Clinton is married to one.
Cavuto Just Exposed Lester Holt's Lies During Debate
Advertisement - story continues below The first presidential debate between Democrat nominee Hillary Clinton and Republican rival Donald Trump was fully of fiery exchanges between the two candidates, as well as several questionable moments. NBC s Lester Holt, the moderator for the debate, started getting flak before the debate was over after he repeatedly interrupted Trump to fact-check him, except that his fact-checks were more or less wrong. In one of the more contentious exchanges, Holt insisted that Trump had supported the Iraq War from the beginning, but Trump continuously denied it, USA Politics Today* reported. Advertisement - story continues below Rather than ask Clinton why she voted for the war, Holt continued to press Trump, saying that in an interview with Fox News Neil Cavuto, Trump expressed his support for the war. After the debate was over, Cavuto aired the interview in question and showed that Trump wasn t all gung-ho about invading Iraq before we went in he had his reservations. You know, what happened to the days of Douglas MacArthur? I mean he would go in and attack. He wouldn t talk. I mean we have to, you know, it s sort of like either do it or don t do it, Trump said. Advertisement - story continues below Well, he s (Bush) either got to do something or not do something perhaps. Because perhaps he shouldn t be doing it yet. Perhaps we should be waiting for the United Nations. You know, he s under a lot of pressure, said Trump, clearly unsure if invading Iraq was the right choice. You can see it here: Instead of hammering Trump for his alleged support for the Iraq War, the moderator really should have asked Clinton why she voted to authorize the war when she had access to much more information than Trump did. Advertisement - story continues below It shouldn t surprise anyone that the mainstream media turned what could have been a substantive debate into a chance to try to smear Trump s name. Luckily, Trump held his own and showed that he could stand up to both Clinton and her media pals at the same time. Share this on Facebook and Twitter and let us know what you thought of the debate on Monday night. *USA Politics Today has since pulled their story.
The AP, In 2004, Said Your Boy Obama Was BORN In This Particular Country
Well THAT S Weird. If the Birther movement is racist does that mean that the person who wrote this had it in for Obama? What if that person is Obama? Breitbart put this out, taken from the AP, entitled Kenyan-born Obama all set for US Senate That was June 2004. Kenyan-born US Senate hopeful, Barrack Obama, appeared set to take over the Illinois Senate seat after his main rival, Jack Ryan, dropped out of the race on Friday night amid a furor over lurid sex club allegations. The allegations that horrified fellow Republicans and caused his once-promising candidacy to implode in four short days have given Obama a clear lead as Republicans struggled to fetch an alternative. As far as we know, Barack Obama never refuted this article. It s still out there on the internet. Here s a screen capture: Here s the bottom half of the same article with AP attribution. And the link to the original. That s not actually as weird as the one all the way back in 1991. That was Obama s publicist. Here s the quote: Breitbart News has obtained a promotional booklet produced in 1991 by Barack Obama s then-literary agency, Acton & Dystel, which touts Obama as born in Kenya and raised in Indonesia and Hawaii. The booklet, which was distributed to business colleagues in the publishing industry, includes a brief biography of Obama among the biographies of eighty-nine other authors represented by Acton & Dystel. It also promotes Obama s anticipated first book, Journeys in Black and White which Obama abandoned, later publishing Dreams from My Father instead. If Obama is contradicting himself, the only real question is, which lie do we write of as him cynically manipulating an audience for personal gain? If his birth in America is valid as we are led to believe? Why lie about it? Unless playing the foreigner card gave him illegitimate access to preferential opportunities or tuition costs. In which case, he is a lying turd who cheated someone more deserving out of whatever. A Harvard Education, possibly. Because if That WASN T a lie then something else MUST be. That something else being his American birth and Citizenship. Which are prerequisites to his presidency. The quote can be read in context at Breitbart.
People Noticed Something Odd About Hillary's Outfit
There s a lot to be discussed about last night s debate between Hillary Clinton and Donald Trump. One thing that has baffled many is how Hillary seemed so ready with answers and detailed facts and, almost as bizarrely, she didn t cough or reach for water once. Well, this twitter user might have an answer. Do you see it? I think we all know why #TrumpWon pic.twitter.com/nwZRxvkX81 USA For Trump 2016 (@USAforTrump2016) September 27, 2016 This wouldn t be the first time Hillary had to use a device for help. What do you think? Is just a trick of light and shadows? A zipper? Or was Hillary actually hiding a Cough prevention machine in her pantsuit? Will you support Donald Trump, Hillary Clinton or another candidate? Share your thoughts! And LIKE this page for the latest TRUMP news. Interested in stopping Hillary? LIKE this page
People Noticed Something Odd About Hillary s Outfit at the Debate Last Night
People Noticed Something Odd About Hillary s Outfit at the Debate Last Night There s a lot that could be discussed about last night s debate, like the unfair debate moderator asking questions to help Hillary, but that s not the main concern right now. There is one thing that has baffled many . Hillary didn t appear to be her usually stupid coughing self! She was so ready with answers and detailed facts. Almost just as bizarre was that not once did she sputter or reach for a glass of water. This is so odd that it has everyone and their grandma talking! The latest question swirling around on social media are the pictures that appeared to show Hillary with some kind of flesh-colored device embedded inside her ear is that an earpiece she is wearing? Or just something fashionable for old ladies? Twitter may have figured out the answer do you see it? It certainly wouldn t be the first time Hillary had to use a device for help. What do you think? Could it be a trick of light and shadows? A puffy zipper, perhaps? Or was Hillary actually hiding a Cough prevention machine in her hideous feminist pantsuit? Hillary Clinton s campaign is fervently denying that she was wearing an earpiece. 101 Things All Young Adults Should Know by Sir John Hawkins John Hawkins's book 101 Things All Young Adults Should Know is filled with lessons that newly minted adults need in order to get the most out of life. Gleaned from a lifetime of trial, error, and writing it down, Hawkins provides advice everyone can benefit from in short, digestible chapters. Buy Now Fox News reported that Clinton spokesman Nick Merrill said what is seen in the photo is merely a reflection of the TV lights or a flash. While we aren t sure what was going on inside Hillary s little head last night, we do have a very interesting email posted by Woods from Clinton and Huma Abedin that the WikiLeaks archive released, Did u take your earpiece or do I need to get it? Woods had a hidden sense of humor that escaped him on twitter She can t even #lie without help from a gaggle of other #liars through an earpiece. Then Woods added: She literally can t help herself. She s the kind of sociopath who will lie even if the truth were more beneficial. Of course, we don t have actual proof of the earpiece, it could have just been a hearing aid. Hmmm no one has talked about Hillary wearing an earpiece in the past when she fumbled through her speeches. Some claim it s merely a reflection of studio lights. We ll let you be the judge.
Another Terrorist Attack in NYC Why Are we STILL Being Politically Correct Eagle Rising
On Saturday, September 17 at 8:30 pm EST, an explosion rocked West 23 Street in Manhattan, in the neighborhood commonly referred to as Chelsea, injuring 29 people, smashing windows and initiating street closures. There were no fatalities. Officials maintain that a homemade bomb, which had been placed in a dumpster, created the explosion. The explosive device was removed by the police at 2:25 am and was sent to a lab in Quantico, Virginia for analysis. A second device, which has been described as a pressure cooker device similar to the device used for the Boston Marathon bombing in 2013, was found on West 27th Street between the Avenues of the Americas and Seventh Avenue. By Sunday morning, all 29 people had been released from the hospital. The Chelsea incident came on the heels of an incident Saturday morning in Seaside Heights, New Jersey where a bomb exploded in a trash can along a route where thousands of runners were present to run a 5K Marine Corps charity race. There were no casualties. By Sunday afternoon, law enforcement had learned that the NY and NJ explosives were traced to the same person. Given that we are now living in a world where acts of terrorism are increasingly more prevalent, when a bomb goes off, our first thought usually goes to the possibility of terrorism. After all, in the last year alone, we have had several significant incidents with a massive number of casualties and injuries in Paris, San Bernardino California, Orlando Florida and Nice, to name a few. And of course, last week we remembered the 15th anniversary of the September 11, 2001 attacks where close to 3,000 people were killed at the hands of terrorists. However, we also live in a world where political correctness is the order of the day and the fear of being labeled a racist supersedes our natural instincts towards self-preservation which, of course, includes identifying the evil-doers. Isn t that how crimes are solved? Law enforcement tries to identify and locate the perpetrators of the crime or the bad guys. Unfortunately, our leadership who ostensibly wants to protect us finds their hands and their tongues tied. They are not allowed to be specific about their potential hypotheses for fear of offending anyone. New York City Mayor Bill de Blasio who famously ended stop-and-frisk profiling in his city was extremely cautious when making his first remarks following the Chelsea neighborhood explosion. There is no specific and credible threat to New York City from any terror organization, de Blasio said late Saturday at the news conference. We believe at this point in this time this was an intentional act. I want to assure all New Yorkers that the NYPD and agencies are at full alert , he said. Isn t an intentional act terrorism? We may not know whether it is from an international terrorist group such as ISIS, or a homegrown terrorist organization or a deranged individual or group of individuals. It is still terrorism. It is not an accident. James O Neill, the New York City Police Commissioner had already ruled out the possibility that the explosion was caused by a natural gas leak at the time the Mayor made his comments. New York s Governor Andrew Cuomo was a little more direct than de Blasio saying that there was no evidence of international terrorism and that no specific groups had claimed responsibility. However, he did say that it is a question of how the word terrorism is defined. A bomb exploding in New York is obviously an act of terrorism. Cuomo hit the nail on the head, but why did need to clarify and caveat before making his obvious assessment? The two candidates for president Hillary Clinton and Donald Trump also weighed in on the Chelsea explosion. Clinton was very generic in her response saying that we need to do everything we can to support our first responders also to pray for the victims and that we need to let this investigation unfold. Trump was more direct. I must tell you that just before I got off the plane a bomb went off in New York and nobody knows what s going on, he said. But boy we are living in a time we better get very tough folks. We better get very, very tough. It s a terrible thing that s going on in our world, in our country and we are going to get tough and smart and vigilant. Unfortunately, an incident like the Chelsea explosion reminds us how vulnerable our country is particularly in venues defined as soft targets. Now more than ever, America needs strong leadership which is laser-focused on protecting her citizens from terrorist attacks of all genres and is not afraid of being politically incorrect. The views expressed in this opinion article are solely those of their author and are not necessarily either shared or endorsed by EagleRising.com
Donald Trump: Drugs a 'Very, Very Big Factor' in Charlotte Protests
Less than a day after protests over the police killing of an African-American man turned violent in North Carolina, Republican presidential nominee Donald Trump placed some of the blame for the turmoil on the impact of drugs. "If you're not aware, drugs are a very, very big factor in what you're watching on television at night," said Trump in a speech to the Shale Insight 2016 Conference in Pittsburgh today. On Wednesday night, Charlotte experienced its second night of protests after the death of Keith Lamont Scott on Tuesday afternoon. Officers in riot gear confronted demonstrators in a downtown commercial area and employed tear gas to control crowds. One person is in critical condition after suffering an apparent gunshot wound. The Republican nominee condemned the violence, calling for unity. "Our country looks bad to the world, especially when we are supposed to be the world's leader. How can we lead when we can't even control our own cities? We honor and recognize the right of all Americans to peacefully assemble, protest and demonstrate, but there is no right to engage in violent disruption or to threaten the public safety and peace of others." He continued to praise law enforcement officers, citing the challenges they face and calling for better training. "It's tough being a police officer," Trump said. "Police are entrusted with immense responsibility, and we must do everything we can to ensure that they are properly trained, that they respect all members of the public and that any wrongdoing is always and it will be by them vigorously addressed." But aside from that one reference, amid his heavy-handed praise for law enforcement and condemnation of protesters, Trump never acknowledged any pattern of violence against African-Americans at the hands of police, which is precisely why so many protesters say they have taken to the streets. They cite the shooting deaths of dozens of other black Americans by police as cause to protest a system they say is dangerous and discriminatory and fails to prosecute far too many officers who kill African-Americans, in many instances unarmed. Trump in recent days has appealed to black Americans, asking them what they have to lose by voting for him, even as he paints an exceptionally grim portrait of black poverty and crime. During a rally earlier this week in North Carolina, Trump said, "We're going to rebuild our inner cities because our African-American communities are absolutely in the worst shape they've ever been in before. Ever, ever, ever," Many African-Americans have bristled at that broad assertion. While many inner cities are plagued by crime and poverty, according to census data from 2015, 52.9 percent of black Americans age 25 or older hold some sort of college degree. A Pew report released in December shows that black adults experienced the largest income increase from 1971 to 2015 and were the only racial group to see a decrease in the percentage of low-income earners. And according to the Census Bureau, almost 73 percent of black Americans do not live in poverty. Trump, in an effort to reach out to the black community, visited Cleveland earlier this week, appearing at a black church. And during a town hall on the Fox News Channel Wednesday night, he was asked about the threat of violence. "I would do stop and frisk. I think you have to," said Trump. "We did it in New York. It worked incredibly well. And you have to be proactive and, you know, you really help people sort of change their mind automatically." But this morning in an interview on "Fox & Friends" he stepped back from the statement, claiming he was referring to a strategy only for Chicago. In Pittsburgh, Trump delineated a difference between what he called the "violent disruptor" and the rest of the black community. He said it was the country"s job "to make life more comfortable for the African-American parent trying to raise their kids in peace, to walk their children to school and to get their children great educations."
Obama To UN: Giving Up Liberty, Enhances Security In America [VIDEO]
Obama To UN: Giving Up Liberty, Enhances Security In America [VIDEO] Freedom is the bedrock that this nation was built upon. The problem is, liberals hate freedom. Oh, sure they pay lip service to its importance, but ultimately, they want people to be subservient to a liberal-controlled government. They may not want a tyrannical king, but a tyrannical government of socialist-loving politicians pushing government-controlled everything is A-OK with them. They can t ever say this out loud, though. Which makes the speech Obama just gave to the United Nations rather surprising. Obama actually admitted that he thinks it s necessary for the United States to give up a little liberty you know, for safety . Tuesday, Obama spoke to the United Nations General Assembly. We can only realize the promise of this institution s founding to replace the ravages of war with cooperation if powerful nations, like my own, accept constraints, he said. Sometimes I am criticized in my own country for professing a belief in international norms and multilateral institutions. But I am convinced in the long run, giving up some freedom of action, not giving up our ability to protect ourselves or pursue our core interests, but binding ourselves to the international rules over the long-term enhances our security. 101 Things All Young Adults Should Know by Sir John Hawkins John Hawkins's book 101 Things All Young Adults Should Know is filled with lessons that newly minted adults need in order to get the most out of life. Gleaned from a lifetime of trial, error, and writing it down, Hawkins provides advice everyone can benefit from in short, digestible chapters. Buy Now So evidently, Obama believes that we should relinquish more of our freedom and sovereignty so that the international community can rule over us. How this will make the country safer, he didn t explain. But safety relies on us bringing more Muslim refugees into the United States. Ultimately our world will be more secure if we are prepared to help those in need and the nations who are carrying the largest burden with respect to accommodating these refugees, Obama said. Obama may want to take a look at how Germany is doing. Accepting tons of refugees without screening them first has certainly not made their country safer it s made it more dangerous. And right here in the United States, we have had multiple terrorist attacks over the last year. How allowing over 110,000 Muslim refugees with no vetting whatsoever into our country will keep us safe is not something that Obama can actually explain, because it s a completely ludicrous idea. And turning the United States into a country that has to answer to the United Nations before we act on anything doesn t make us safer, either. It s a typical liberal idea: something that is nonsensical and useless, yet will weaken the country and strip Americans of their constitutionally-protected rights. But hey, who needs freedom, right? Obama has an agenda to push.
Trump vs. Clinton: A Fundamental Clash over How the Economy Works
Getty Images Wealth Of Nations Trump vs. Clinton: A Fundamental Clash over How the Economy Works He sees it as zero-sum. She believes all boats rise together. Hillary is right, but a lot of people are buying into Trump s vision. As he made clear once again in Monday night s debate, Donald Trump sees the world in zero-sum terms when one person or one country wins, another always loses. Asked by NBC s Lester Holt how to help American workers, Trump responded in his usual way, saying America was getting beaten by everyone else around the world, and the NAFTA free-trade deal was one of the worst things that ever happened to the manufacturing industry. ... We have to stop these countries from stealing our companies and our jobs. Hillary Clinton, by contrast, sees the world as a place where all boats can rise at once as she also made plain Monday by harking back to Bill Clinton s pro-globalization presidency, which included NAFTA. I think my husband did a pretty good job in the 1990s. I think a lot about what worked and how we can make it work again, she said. Incomes went up for everybody. Story Continued Below That is the election of 2016 distilled down to its essence. My whole life is about winning. I always win, Trump says in explaining why he s running. The economic plan on his website begins with the rubric Winning the Global Competition. You don t get more zero-sum than that. Despite the view of most economists that the economy overall is not a zero-sum game but rather a complex mechanism that, if run right, can raise everyone s welfare at once Trump s message has resonated in an era when it s become common to speak of winners and losers in the global economy. The zero-sum message fits neatly with the widespread reality that many millions have been severely harmed by the transitions in our economy over the past decades. As Danny Vinik recently noted in Politico, the gap between those who are thriving in the new economies of today and those who are not continues to grow. The recent Census Report that showed a 5.2 percent increase in real median income between 2014 and 2015 was taken by many as proof that the narrative of an America in decline and losing is fundamentally flawed. Statistically, if the United States is one unit, that is true. But 320 million people have a huge variety of experiences ill-suited to one size fit all numbers, and while the averages and medians may go up or down, that says nothing about the lived experience of tens of millions who diverge from that one number. And the experience of a goodly portion of what was the industrial heartland and what was the epicenter of the mid-2000s housing bubble is unequivocally negative, insecure and economically grim. Hence, you have the sense that those who perceive themselves as winners in the global economy are trending towards the Democrats, while those who think they ve lost are going toward Trump. There is some truth there, but that isn t a sufficient explanation for why, for instance, massive percentages of African-Americans and Latinos, who have certainly struggled economically and socially, support Clinton. No, what is most striking about this election is the degree to which the electorate is polarized not between winners and losers per se but between those who view the world in such zero-sum terms, like Trump, and those who sense that it is possible to multiply the numbers of winners without creating a commensurate number of losers. That has been the mantra of Clinton and her predecessors in the Democratic Party, and it was also the foundation of Ronald Reagan s appeal. The belief that the economic pie can expand year after year and embrace ever more people has also backed up by a generation of economists who argue that open trade and globalization makes the whole world wealthier. Hillary Clinton has continued to deliver that message. At the Democratic Convention in July she spoke of an America thriving with economic opportunity, with millions working hard and succeeding. President Obama has also been at pains to highlight the innovations of Silicon Valley, the revival of many cities in the past decade, and the substantial gains on the other side of 2008-2009 financial crisis. Judging from polls and surveys, those who fit that description clustered and concentrated in large metro areas, and on the coasts especially support Clinton and the Democrats by wide margins. *** Is either side right? Most economists see the liberal internationalist order backed by the law establishing the rules of engagement in free markets as a key element to the emergence of a several billion-strong global middle class. In general, that view is correct. But it still tends to gloss over just how wrenching it is to be among the tens of millions in the United States caught in the vortex of rapid change. It does these global laggards no good to say that they have bigger homes and longer lives and more possessions than their grandparents. They legitimately fear that they will lose those homes, be unable to afford healthcare, that they will see their communities crumble and their children s hopes extinguished. And they see a world of others who appear to be doing better, who seem to be winning, and a political establishment that has promised everything and delivered what feels like nothing. The voice of the so-called losers in this global competition is as loud, politically speaking, as it s been in a long time. Hence Trump (not to mention Bernie Sanders powerful insurgency in the Democratic primaries). The last time so many in the United States were so sour about the inequities between those winning (the few) and those losing was at the dawn of the Progressive Movement in the 1890s. Many early Progressives rebelled against an elite vision of Social Darwinism then prevalent which said that the strong and the best thrive while the rest manage to eke out what they can. In 1896, the scion of that view was William Jennings Bryan, who painted a picture of the United States every bit as bleak and dark as Trump with his thundering about elites on the coasts crucifying hard worker labor and farmers on a cross of gold. Bryan lost two elections, and his zero-sum view never came to dominate American politics. Much of his message about inequality and the need to reform the system, however, was taken up by Theodore Roosevelt and generations of both Republicans and Democrats. Some of it harsh and redistributive, focused on trust busting and exerting American influence and prestige abroad, and much of it was about expanding opportunities for all. Trump also enjoys a good deal of sub-rosa support among business leaders and Wall Street, who certainly haven t lack for economic benefits in today s world. They aren t supporting him with their money, but many of them detest Clinton and see Trump as expressing their world view. For Wall Street, that makes some sense, in that in the wake of the financial crisis, key aspects of finance are becoming less popular and less profitable. In that sense, finance, which was the winning sector of the economy from the mid-1980s through the mid-2000s, has been losing ground. The idea of gain and loss, and that every trade represents a winner and a loser, is deeply embedded in aspects of Wall Street. We have, of course, no idea which candidate and which worldview will prevail in six weeks. But if Trump wins, he should remember: it is impossible to find any society and any point in American history where a zero-sum formula has led to increased affluence for the many and increased security. Zero-sum most often begets zero-sum, whether in the form of trade wars or actual wars. By contrast, the profound strength of the United States has been a vision of an open economy that thrives on education and innovation and an open world where the strength invariably overcomes the zero-sum countries and alliances that pepper the planet and always have. A vision of winners and losers invariably begets more winners and losers, and little else. Zachary Karabell is head of global strategy at Envestnet and author of The Leading Indicators: A Short History of the Numbers That Rule Our World. He is a contributing editor at Politico Magazine.
President Obama Vetoes 9/11 Victims Bill, Setting Up Showdown With Congress
President Obama today vetoed a bill that would allow survivors of the 9/11 attacks, along with victims' families, to sue the government of Saudi Arabia. I am returning herewith without my approval S. 2040, the Justice Against Sponsors of Terrorism Act (JASTA), which would, among other things, remove sovereign immunity in U.S. courts from foreign governments that are not designated state sponsors of terrorism, Obama notes in the veto message. I have deep sympathy for the families of the victims of the terrorist attacks of September 11, 2001 (9/11), who have suffered grievously. I also have a deep appreciation of these families' desire to pursue justice and am strongly committed to assisting them in their efforts. The veto comes at the end of a 10-day constitutional window after Congress' overwhelming approval of the legislation, setting up a fight that's likely to hand the outgoing president his first veto override. Suffering his first veto override so late in his second term would be significant, especially considering the president's high approval ratings relative to the rest of his presidency. By comparison, former President George W. Bush was overridden twice during his two terms in office and only in his final two years when his approval rating had plummeted. The last president to make it through a full presidency without a veto override is Lyndon B. Johnson. If passed into law, the legislation would allow victims of terrorism to sue foreign governments for damages. Obama and the White House have argued that language in the bill could potentially compromise the principle of sovereign immunity, and put the U.S. government and entities at risk of being sued by other countries. "Overriding the president's veto means that this country will start pursuing a less forceful approach in dealing with state sponsors of terrorism and potentially opens up U.S. service members and diplomats and even companies to spurious lawsuits in kangaroo courts around the world," White House press secretary Josh Earnest explained to reporters today. "Our concern extends not just to the impact this would have on our relationship with Saudi Arabia, but rather the impact that this could have on the United States' relationship with countries around the world." But the showdown has also put the Obama administration at odds politically with the wishes of countless 9/11 families who argue they haven't had their day in court against all parties responsible for the terror attacks. Saudi Arabia has itself spoken critically of and personally lobbied against the effort, maintaining it had no role in assisting the 9/11 terrorists. The House and Senate each passed the measure by unanimous consent. A veto override requires a two-thirds vote by each chamber, and the White House says it has been working diligently behind the scenes to rally enough Democrats to block the override effort. Obama's former Secretary of State, Hillary Clinton, has also indicated she would sign the legislation into law if she wins the presidential election.
CHAOS! NC Protest MOB Ambushes Female Truck Driver, Loots Truck, Sets Cargo On Fire No One Helps!? [VIDEO]
CHAOS! NC Protest MOB Ambushes Female Truck Driver, Loots Truck, Sets Cargo On Fire No One Helps!? [VIDEO] There s nothing wrong with protesting a perceived injustice. One of our most cherished American rights is the right to peacefully assemble to protest. However, that s often not what happens when Black Lives Matter activists set out to make a statement. Too often, they don t understand what the words peaceful protest mean. That was proved true once again in North Carolina last night, when a Black Lives Matter mob descended upon a highway and began attacking people. The rioters began by throwing rocks at cars and trucks, protesting the shooting of a black man on that same highway. VIDEO: this is what we saw overnight; protestors throwing rocks, blocking a major interstate, face-to-face w/@cmpd @TWCNewsCLT #KeithScott pic.twitter.com/BvhuBKj4X9 Christina Watkins (@CWatkinsTV) September 21, 2016 But it quickly became dangerous, when the mob ambushed a female truck driver. She was trapped in the truck as the rioters looted her truck, stealing the goods and lighting them on fire, all while she was inside. She called police, but they never came. Instead, a media chopper got footage of the violence. Try & picture Collapsing Hillary Clinton getting out of bed to deal with Chaos & Violence in N.C #KeithLamontScott pic.twitter.com/KAVPlHmWPb 101 Things All Young Adults Should Know by Sir John Hawkins John Hawkins's book 101 Things All Young Adults Should Know is filled with lessons that newly minted adults need in order to get the most out of life. Gleaned from a lifetime of trial, error, and writing it down, Hawkins provides advice everyone can benefit from in short, digestible chapters. Buy Now DEPLORABLE TRUMPCAT (@Darren32895836) September 21, 2016 It didn t stop there, though; by the end of the night, 16 police officers were injured and the freeway had been shut down. Message to these Black Lives Matter protesters: this doesn t help your cause. Protesting the killing of a black man at the hands of police is a valid thing to do. Shutting down a freeway, throwing rocks at cars, attacking an innocent truck driver and injuring 16 police officers is not. That s not a protest; it s a riot. And it doesn t endear anyone to the Black Lives Matter cause. It makes racial division worse and inflames racial tension. That doesn t fix anything. Martin Luther King, Jr. encouraged people to use love, hope and integrity to make a difference when he was fighting for civil rights. It s shameful to see the Black Lives Matter movement literally doing the exact opposite. Instead of love, they spread anger and hatred and intolerance. They encourage black people to see themselves as perpetual victims and white people as racist oppressors. How they are able to look at themselves in the mirror without feeling deep shame for their actions is truly beyond comprehension.
10 Moments That Mattered From Hillary Clinton and Donald Trump's First Debate
Hillary Clinton and Donald Trump ushered the 2016 presidential campaign into a new phase tonight, and they did it with plenty of barbs. The two candidates faced off in their first general election debate at Hofstra University in Long Island, New York, in front of what was expected to be a historic number of television viewers. Here are 10 moments that mattered at the first general election presidential debate: 1. Nominees Started Off on a Friendly Note but No Escaping the Sarcasm Hillary Clinton and Donald Trump have lobbed insults at each other from far away for months, but tonight they tried to start their highly anticipated face off on a genteel note, although the mutual contempt was just below the surface. When Clinton walked out in a red pantsuit and Trump in a blue tie -- the opponents trading traditional party colors -- the two shook hands and Clinton said, How are you, Donald? Perhaps trying to throw him off at the top with a warm greeting. Shortly after the debate began, Trump talked about overseas trade deals, saying, But in all fairness to Secretary Clinton, before stopping himself and turning to his opponent and saying, Yes, is that OK? Good. I want you to be very happy. It's very important to me. He seemed to be referring to his addressing her as Secretary Clinton, although it wasn t completely clear during the moment. 2. Personal Attacks Came Early Clinton was first to go on the attack during tonight s debate, taking aim at Trump s business roots by claiming he borrowed $14 million from his father to start his real estate business. Donald was very fortunate in his life and that's all to his benefit. He started his business with $14 million, borrowed from his father, and he really believes that the more you help wealthy people, the better off we'll be and that everything will work out from there. I don't buy that. I have a different experience, Clinton said, before expanding on her father s work as a drapery maker. Trump responded to that personal claim rather than addressing her subsequent remarks that he believes in trumped up, trickle-down economics. For one thing, and before we start on that, my father gave me a very small loan in 1975 and I built it into a company that's worth many, many billions of dollars, Trump said. 3. Trading Barbs Over Trade Voters saw the first fiery moment of the debate when the two candidates sparred over the Trans-Pacific Partnership trade deal. Trump accused Clinton of supporting TPP, the proposed trade agreement between the United States and 11 other countries along the Pacific Rim. And now you want to approve Trans-Pacific Partnership. You were totally in favor of it, Trump said. Clinton fired back, Well, that is just not accurate. I was against it once it was finally negotiated and the terms were laid out. Trump then pointed to Clinton s once referring to TPP as the gold standard of trade deals. Well, Donald, I know you live in your own reality, but that is not the facts, Clinton said. Clinton promoted TPP as secretary of state under President Obama, who is pushing the trade deal. While speaking in Australia in November 15, 2012, Clinton said, "TPP sets the gold standard in trade agreements to open free, transparent, fair trade, the kind of environment that has the rule of law and a level playing field. Clinton came out against the trade deal October of last year, saying that what I know about it as of today I am not in favor of what I have learned about it. 4. Trump Asks Why Not Blame All the World s Problems on Clinton Less than 30 minutes into the debate, Trump went after Clinton, attacking her on trade, ISIS, taxes, the economy and more. Clinton quipped: "I have a feeling by the end of this evening I'm going to be blamed for everything that's ever happened. Trump didn t miss a beat, saying to his opponent: Why not? Clinton responded: "Why not? Yeah. Why not? Just join the debate by saying more crazy things. Now, let me say this Trump interjected: "There's nothing crazy about not letting our companies bring their money back into the country, before the moderator reminded Trump, "This is secretary Clinton's two minutes, please." Drew Angerer/Getty Images 5. Trump Hit Over Not Releasing Tax Returns Trump clashed with his Democratic rival over his decision not to release his tax returns. I don't mind releasing. I'm under a routine audit and it will be released, he said. Trump went on to tout his disclosure of a different federally mandated form required by the U.S. Office of Government Ethics of everyone from presidential candidates to the postmaster general. Trump then pivoted to attack Clinton over her private email server. I will release my tax returns against my lawyer's wishes when she releases her 33,000 e-mails that have been deleted, he said. I think you've just seen another example of bait and switch here. For 40 years, everyone running for president has release their tax returns, she said. You got to ask yourself: Why won't he release his tax returns? Maybe he doesn't want the American people, all of you watching tonight, to know that he's paid nothing in federal taxes, she said. 6. The Birther Issue Gets on the Main Stage Moderator Lester Holt asked Trump what took you so long to acknowledge that President Obama was born in the United States, bringing the Republican nominee s recent turnaround on an issue that was central to his public positions for years. At first, Trump claimed that two Clinton aides were the ones who initially looked into Barack Obama s birth certificate during the 2008 campaign -- a claim that he has made before -- and then said that he was satisfied with when Obama released his birth certificate. Holt noted that Obama released his longform birth certificate in 2011, but Trump continued to raise questions about it s authenticity until 2015. Nobody was pressing it, nobody was caring much about it, Trump said, referencing the years between the release and Trump s decision this month to acknowledge Obama was born in America. I figured you'd ask the question tonight, of course. But nobody was caring much about it. But I was the one that got him to produce the birth certificate, and I think I did a good job. Paul J. Richards/AFP/Getty Images 7. Clinton Defends Being Prepared When Trump Questions Her Time Off the Trail Trump was talking about crime in the inner cities when he said, I ve been all over the place. You decided to stay home and that's OK, seeming to jab Clinton for leaving the campaign trail in recent days to prepare for tonight s faceoff. "I think Donald just criticized me for preparing for this debate, Clinton said. "And, yes, I did. And you know what else I prepared for? I prepared to be president. And I think that's a good thing. Throughout the debate, Clinton tried to portray Trump as unprepared and unwilling to do the hard work to prepare for the presidency. She also hit back against an attack he regularly makes on the campaign trail: That she doesn't stump as much as he does because she doesn't have his endurance. 8. Stop and Frisk Becomes a Big Point of Discussion Trump s support of stop and frisk, a controversial tactic once heavily used by the New York Police Department, was discussed at length during the debate. Stop and frisk had a tremendous impact on the safety of New York City. Tremendous beyond belief. So when you say it has no impact, it really did, it had a very very big impact, Trump said. Trump said that the tactic was not deemed unconstitutional -- which it was -- and added instead that it went before a judge who was a very against-police judge. They would have won an appeal, he said, noting that there was no appeal. Trump and Clinton went on to debate various crime rates in cities like Chicago and New York for nearly 10 minutes of the debate. 9. Trump and the Iraq War Under the Microscope Toward the end of the debate, Holt corrected Trump on whether he supported the war in Iraq before it started. I did not support the war in Iraq, Trump said. "That is a mainstream media nonsense put out by her because she frankly I think the best person in her campaign is mainstream media. Holt corrected him, saying, The record shows otherwise. The only time Trump seems to have spoken about the war publicly before it started was to Howard Stern in 2002 and seemed to support the invasion. Stern asked Trump, Are you for invading Iraq?" Trump appeared to hesitate, responding, Yeah, I guess so. I wish the first time it was done correctly. Despite the attempt to correct him, Trump continued to stress he was against the war, saying, The record shows that I am right. 10. Sparring Over Stamina Holt asked Trump about when he once said that Clinton does not have a presidential look, asking Trump what he meant by that. Trump pivoted to attack her stamina. "She doesn't have the look, she doesn t have the stamina, Trump said. "I said she doesn't have the stamina. And I don't believe she does have the stamina. To be president of this country, you need tremendous stamina. Trump has been hitting Clinton on her stamina and strength on the campaign trail for months, but tonight Clinton tried to shut that line of attack down. "Well, as soon as he travels to 112 countries and negotiates a peace deal, a cease-fire, a release of dissidents, an opening of new opportunities and nations around the world, or even spends 11 hours testifying in front of a congressional committee, he can talk to me about stamina, Clinton said. She also attempted to remind voters of some of the more controversial things he has said about women: "One thing Lester, he tried to switch from looks to stamina, Clinton said. "But this is a man who has called women pigs, slobs and dogs. And someone who has said pregnancy is an inconvenience to employers. Who has said women don't deserve equal pay unless they do as good a job as men.
Young Girl's Emotional Council Speech Laments 'Shame' of Fatal Charlotte Shooting
Peaceful protesters crowded Charlotte's first city council meeting since the cop shooting of Keith Lamont Scott, with over 50 people speaking out against police violence. But none of them stood out Monday quite as much as a young girl. Zianna Oliphant, her hair done up in braids and tears streaking her face, brought into focus the stress police shootings place on children, as well as the pain the black community of Charlotte has suffered in the wake of Scott's death last week. I ve been born and raised in Charlotte. And I never felt this way until now and I can t stand how we re treated, the grade-school girl said, wiping away tears. David T. Foster III/The Charlotte Observer via AP Photo She expressed the hardship that children face when a parent dies. Scott himself, who was African-American, had seven children. It s a shame that we have to go to their graveyard and bury them. And we have tears. We shouldn t have tears. We need our fathers and mothers to be by our side, she said. Zianna, as well as the protesters in the room who chanted "no justice, no peace" after she spoke, helped to underscore the degree to which communal wounds have been slow to heal in North Carolina s most populous city since the shooting. Protests started on the streets of Charlotte after news of Scott's shooting broke last Tuesday and, occasionally, became violent as they continued deeper into the week. David T. Foster III/The Charlotte Observer via AP Photo The scene grew especially tense Wednesday night when police clad in riot gear fired tear gas and rubber bullets at demonstrators. Some people in the crowds threw bottles and rocks at officers and passing cars, blocked an interstate highway, surrounded and jumped on vehicles, looted businesses and stormed the entrance of a Hyatt hotel, injuring two of its employees. At the city council meeting, Charlotte Mayor Jennifer Roberts called for decorum at several points during public remarks. At several points, protesters yelled criticism of her and Police Chief Kerr Putney. After the meeting wrapped up, The Charlotte Observer reported, more than 20 protesters moved to the lobby of the Government Center. Release. Release. The whole damn tape, the protesters chanted, according to the newspaper. David T. Foster III/The Charlotte Observer via AP Photo Ray Dotch, Scott's brother-in-law, Monday called for the release of the entire video of his shooting in an interview with ABC News. Chief Putney has released body and dashboard camera videos of the fatal police shooting of Scott, answering to demands made by community leaders, protesters and politicians. But it is not entirely clear from those videos or from the one taken by Scott's wife, Rakeiya Scott, that the victim had a gun on his person, as the police allege. It is also not entirely clear that he brandished it in such a way that would have posed a threat to the officers who approached him.
Jeb Bush to lecture at Harvard this fall
Story highlights Bush will deliver his first lecture on Thursday He is a staunch advocate for charter schools, voucher programs and higher education standards (CNN) Jeb Bush will be a guest lecturer at Harvard University this fall, focusing on education in "a number of multi-day visits" this semester, the John F. Kennedy School of Government announced Tuesday. The former Florida governor and Republican presidential candidate -- who was known for his wonkish love of policy on the campaign trail -- will deliver his first lecture on Thursday. He'll also co-lecture in a course titled, "The Political Economy of the School," and participate in faculty-led student study groups. After dropping out of the presidential race in February, Bush returned to his position as chairman and president of the board of directors at an organization he started called the Foundation for Excellence in Education. Bush -- a staunch advocate for charter schools, voucher programs and higher education standards -- attempted to make education a defining hallmark of his presidential campaign. Read More
Clinton vs. Trump: The debate before the debate
Hillary Clinton s campaign is making one plea ahead of Monday night s big debate: Don t let Donald Trump get away with it. And Trump s campaign is firing right back, arguing that the press is biased against the Republican nominee and, in any case, Clinton s team is just trying to game the refs. Story Continued Below The debate is playing out against a backdrop of polls that indicate a tightening White House race, with Trump drawing even or ahead in national and battleground-state surveys. Polling averages now show that Clinton s post-convention lead has evaporated, and no less a guru than Nate Silver declared on Monday morning that the race is a dead heat. The latest polling is consistent with a Clinton lead of only ~1% nationally. State firewall breaking up. Trend lines awful, Silver tweeted. During the critical hours of expectation-setting ahead of the 9 p.m. showdown at Hofstra University, both camps claimed their candidate would be held to an unfair standard, with Clinton s aides explicitly requesting that moderator Lester Holt fact-check Trump in real time. We are concerned that Donald Trump may lie, he may throw misinformation out there, and that Hillary will have to spend all of her time trying to correct the record rather than talking about the things she wants to accomplish, Clinton campaign manager Robby Mook told CBS This Morning, adding that all the campaign is asking of Holt is that if Trump lies, that that simply be checked. The thing that concerns us is not the moderator themselves, who have been selected by the commission, because they will be seen as fair and even-handed. What bothers us, Mark, is the very public and very coordinated attempt to game the refs," Trump campaign manager Kellyanne Conway shot back in an interview on MSNBC. But Conway was soon put in the awkward position of defending Trump s claim that Holt may be unfair to him because he s a Democrat and the system is very unfair. The NBC Nightly News anchor has been a registered Republican in New York since 2003. I don t know that he knew what Lester Holt s voter registration was, said Conway, who went on to dodge multiple queries of why Trump lied. He didn t lie, Conway said at one point, explaining that a lie would mean that he knew the man s party registration. In a presidential cycle that s seen endless debates about debates, Monday s theme was conflicting interpretations of what it means to be a moderator. After suggesting a debate with no moderator, Trump has already signaled to Holt that he shouldn t try to be Candy Crowley, who famously injected herself into the 2012 presidential debate between President Barack Obama and Mitt Romney with a fact-check of the GOP nominee. But Clinton s campaign has beat up on Holt s NBC colleague Matt Lauer, who was widely panned in the media for allowing Trump s false assertion that he didn t support the Iraq war go unchecked during a national security forum earlier this month. View One week of Hillary Clinton fact-checks (September 24, 2016) One week of Hillary Clinton fact-checks (September 24, 2016) The nonpartisan Commission on Presidential Debates, which selected the debate sites and moderators, weighed in Sunday. In our history, the moderators have found it appropriate to let the candidates be the ones that talk about the accuracy or the fairness of what the other candidate or candidates might have said, Janet Brown, the commission s executive director, told CNN s Reliable Sources. When it comes to fact-checking, Brown warned, I don t think it s a good idea to get the moderator into essentially serving as the Encyclopedia Britannica. For her part, Clinton won t let Trump s lies go by the wayside, press secretary Brian Fallon told CNN on Monday, insisting that Holt shouldn t, either. There is enough lies that Donald Trump tells consistently that everyone, by now, should be able to call them out, he said. Lester Holt, Hillary Clinton will, too, but I think that even the observers and reporters tonight watching that are grading the two candidates performances should take it into account. By now, we all know he likes to lie about his record when it comes to the Iraq war, he lies about his support for the intervention in Libya, he lies about who started birtherism, he lies on any different number of issues and he tells them so frequently that we all know them now. If he says them again, that should be disqualifying. He can t possibly be given a passing grade if he repeats those lies. Former Trump campaign manager Corey Lewandowski, a paid CNN contributor who is still receiving severance from the Trump campaign, dismissed the idea that a fact-checking moderator is of any concern. I think what the concern is from both of the campaigns and what it should be is that the moderator is not the person who s running for president of the United States. So I think you let the candidates debate, you let the candidates answer, he said. You can hold people accountable, there s no question, but I don t think it s the role of the moderator to inject themselves in so they re making themselves part of the debate structure and people are talking about the moderator after the debate. Trump s campaign, including his former aide Lewandowski, also pushed the narrative that Clinton is robotic. That charge was leveled in response to the Clinton camp s preparation for two Trumps. We don t want Donald Trump s lies and distortions to be a distraction. We re hoping that can get checked so that Hillary can focus her time on what she wants to do, Mook told NBC s Today. Asked about Clinton s rules of engagement versus Trump, Mook added that it just depends on what Donald Trump shows up to the debate, and we just don t know that. View One week of Donald Trump fact-checks (September 24, 2016) One week of Donald Trump fact-checks (September 24, 2016) But Conway shot down the notion that there s any other Trump, while echoing the criticism that the former secretary of state lacks human compassion. Lewandowski cast Clinton as a policy wonk whose challenge is to become human during the debate, senior communications adviser Jason Miller tweeted that Overprogramming leads to short circuits, and Conway joined the pile-on. He s not going to be robotic and scripted. Hillary Clinton is, Conway said. And that s a problem in debates likes this because people want to see a future commander in chief and president of the United States who is nimble and resilient and can answer questions that haven t been pre-programmed in their head through all this secretive debate prep and mock debates. After Mook warned against a double standard where Donald Trump can get the Most Improved award but Hillary Clinton, you know, is getting judged on the fine points of policy, Conway added that the two campaign managers are living in parallel universes. I mean, Donald Trump has been criticized all weekend long. I think that the Clinton campaign has clearly been gaming the refs, has been talking to the media for a week now saying it s your job to make sure that Donald Trump is fact-checked in real-time, she said. I'm just surprised a campaign manager would try to lower expectations that dramatically for his own candidate. But look, they know that campaign debates are not Hillary Clinton's sweet spot. Yes, she's experienced at doing them, but the experience hasn t necessarily been beneficial. Aside from how Holt will moderate, Conway cited pre-written narratives and what she claimed was Clinton s willingness to say anything to get elected as her top concerns. I m worried that some of the headlines are already written, that they re conclusions in search of evidence, Conway said, adding that newspapers and reporters have already begun trying to undercut Trump ahead of the debate. What I would ask you all to do is start looking at the Twitter feeds of, quote, objective reporters, particularly our embeds. These are not profiles in courage, and this is not journalism. There are people who cover our campaign who actually just slander our candidate on Twitter, Conway said. Ninety-two percent of at least two of our embeds tweets are negative towards Donald Trump. Why are they on our campaign plane? Why are they covering our campaign? ... Excuse the Trump campaign if we feel like we can t get a fair shake from certain people. Conway also indicated that Clinton may play the woman card, skewing headlines that take away from the real estate mogul s performance. So if she ends up saying to him, That s just not true, you re distorting my record, you re being mean to a woman, and then people will say, He was mean to a woman, and the headlines will scream and Twitter will blow up even if it s not true, she said. So that would be my concern, that he s not able to get out all of his responses because, as Joe [Scarborough] correctly points out, people are so worried that she s not a great debater, that she s not really ready for tonight the way he is, that she s going to try to interrupt him and confuse the people watching in such a way that he was somehow rude to a woman and he somehow lied on the stage. Rudy Giuliani, the former New York mayor and a prominent Trump surrogate, said he had advised Trump to "just let loose" and be himself and not try to compete with Clinton's detailed policy expertise. "She's been in government since I was a child. I don't remember a time she hasn't been in government in one way or another," Giuliani said on "Fox and Friends." "So she's going to have obviously more specific knowledge than he has, but I think he's going to comport himself very, very well, and he's going to be he's just going to be like you see him on when he comes here [on Fox News] and when you talk to him on the phone. He's going to be Donald Trump." Authors:
Is Hillary in a No-Win Situation?
I ve watched every presidential debate ever broadcast, including the little-remembered John F. Kennedy-Hubert Humphrey contest just before the 1960 West Virginia primary, and for nearly 40 years I've analyzed how candidates win and lose them. But when I ask myself what kind of strategy I would devise for Hillary Clinton tonight against Donald Trump, I m pretty much baffled. The problem is not just the unpredictable (to put it mildly) nature of her opponent. (Will Trump be low-key and calm? Will he attack her honesty? Will he turn on Lester Holt after the first tough question and walk off the stage?) The problem is that almost all of Hillary Clinton s strengths, in this strange election year, can so easily be turned into her weaknesses especially her vast experience in government. The more she emphasizes her qualifications, the more Trump is likely to respond with some version of: You ve been at the center of power for 25 years? Then you re one of those who s created the mess we re in. So reciting her work with foreign leaders, for example, and contrasting it with Trump's utter lack of grounding in the world, doesn't seem to be promising. Story Continued Below Indeed, this debate offers Trump the chance to perform what I ve called political judo turning an opponent s strength against her. ( Yes, Mrs. Clinton, your experience helped drag us into Iraq, and turned Syria, Libya, the whole Middle East into a staging ground for ISIS. Maybe that s why your husband's CIA director, and Bobby Kennedy s chief speechwriter, are backing me. ) Further, there's a sense a highly limited sense in which Trump is in something like the position Ronald Reagan was in back in 1980. Among college-educated whites, who have resisted him so far, his task is to use the debates to say, I'm a reasonable person who knows what's gone wrong and who has the instincts to fix it. It's a second cousin of the 1980 situation where many voters did not want Carter, but needed reassurance about Reagan, which they got. (There is a limit to this analogy, because for all of her difficulties, Clinton is in a much stronger position than President Carter was). By contrast, how does she try to gain strength on the issue of honest and trustworthy ? If Trump can be convinced by his handlers assuming they exist to avoid overkill here, all he has to do is to note what the FBI director or the New York Times editorial page has said. She can of course cite chapter and verse on Trump bankruptcies, Trump University, David Farenthold's expose of his charities in the Washington Post but those issues are ill-suited, I think, to a face-to-face debate. One of her problems, longstanding, is that the stuff of which campaign collapses are made have been leveled at Trump and he's still standing. Does any of this mean that Clinton is facing doom Monday night? No. It does suggest that her campaign should remember what debates do and don t do, based on a half-century or so of history. The Focus Is on Moments But They re Not Always The Key Ask any political journalist to recite the history of debates, and it would go something like this: Nixon looked pale and drawn; Ford prematurely liberated Poland from Soviet Control; Reagan said to Carter there you go again, then asked Americans are you better off? Four years later, he was incoherent, but then recovered by joking about Mondale s youth and inexperience. Dukakis was insufficiently emotional at the prospect of his wife s rape and murder. Lloyd Bentsen told Dan Quayle was no Jack Kennedy. George H.W. Bush looked at his watch. Al Gore stalked George W. Bush, who froze him with a nod. These are the moments that are played over and over again in the run-up to debates. They illustrate the fact that these events are watched intensely for the quip, the gaffe, the thrust, the parry that can sum up 90 minutes. It s why debate prep spends an inordinate amount of time trying to come up with punchy, memorable lines zingers to win the attention and admiration of the audience. (It s also why the late political journalist Lars Erik-Nelson scornfully said of his colleagues, You ve all become theater critics. ) But in fact, this view of debates is not the whole story. Sometimes, it s the cumulative effect of the exchanges that can determine who prevails. Look back at the first Romney-Obama debate in 2012. There was no one exchange, no one Obama stumble or Romney answer, that provided the aha! moment that journalists wait for the way hounds wait for the first call of the fox. It was, rather, Obama s petulant, defensive, sometimes indifferent answers that made even the president s most ardent supporters believe he had been badly beaten. The presence of Trump clearly raises the odds that we may see a moment unlike any in debate history; that s clearly what an army of reporters and tens of millions of viewers will be waiting for. But it may just be that it will be the totality of the hour and a half that will persuade a viewer to say: he seemed pretty reasonable or she knows what she s talking about and he doesn t. This has special relevance for Clinton, who, as her longtime friend and one-time aide Patti Solis-Doyle observed, always seems as if she is testing every word before it leaves her mouth. A sustained, relaxed presentation over the course of the debate could be her best weapon against a Trump, whose ability to stay within himself when untethered to a Teleprompter is questionable. There Are Three Debates, Not One And That Can Matter A Whole Lot One key reason why the 1980 Reagan-Carter debate was so important is that it was the only debate between the two. Carter had refused to debate with third-party candidate John Anderson, so Reagan faced off against Anderson on September 21st. When the independent fell below the polling threshold, Carter and Reagan met for the first and last time on October 28th barely a week before the election. Every other time, there have been three debates; which has meant there is a chance to make up for a less than successful debut. That s what happened with Reagan in 1984, and with George W. Bush in 2004; it s also what happened last time out, when Obama emerged from his daze and outperformed Romney in their two other meetings. Here, I think, is an opening for Clinton especially in the town hall meetings, where she should be able to turn a question and they are usually very lame "what can you do for my daughter?" questions into answers that fuse personal concern with a command both of her proposals, and of Trump s astonishing inability to remember what he has proposed from one day to the next. The danger for her is channeling her inner Al Gore, who challenged Bush s commitment to health care by repeatedly demanding: "What about Dingell-Norwood?" The opportunity for her is to argue from experience that what she has worked for in public life has made the lives of real people better. (Further, the Town Meeting format with dozens of real people as participants makes the resort to personal insults highly risky). Trump Is Not the Only One Who Can Deploy Political Judo The potential for Trump to turn strength into weakness has its roots in the most singularly successful use of political judo. It came in 1992, when independent Ross Perot was asked if voters should be bothered by his lack of experience. Well, he said, they've got a point. I don't have any experience in running up a $4 trillion debt. I don't have any experience in gridlocked government where nobody takes responsibility for anything and everybody blames everybody else. I don't have any experience in creating the worst public school system in the industrialized world, the most violent, crime-ridden society in the industrialized world. Judo, however, can cut both ways. There s a clear opening for Clinton if Trump were to boast of his leadership skills, and his business success. Well, you might be successful, Donald, but we really don t know because you re the first presidential candidate ever who won t show us his taxes. But you know, you should look at the business leaders who support me: Mike Bloomberg, who s worth four times what you claim to be worth, and who didn t start with millions from his father, says you re a con, a fake. So does Marc Cuban, who built his success from the ground up. But I do have to admit you re way, way ahead of them in, unpaid workers, fleeced contractors and lawsuits. Debates Are NOT Decisive One last note. It s easy to assume that the fate of the world is at stake Monday night. A lot of post-election narratives over the years have located debates as the center of the story ( Reagan recovered from his first debate-gaffe and went onto win a landslide. Obama was far more effective in the later debates and was re-elected ). But is correlation really causation? Maybe the economic boom of 1984 has a lot more to do with Reagan winning 49 states; maybe the clear if modest economic recovery played the key role in Obama s clear if modest popular vote victory. In their influential 2013 book, The Gamble, political scientists John H. Sides and Lynn Vavreck tried to measure the impact of debates, gaffes, and other game-changers with real-time public opinion measurements. What they found was that even a dramatic event like Romney s first debate performance had a relative small, and relatively short-lived, impact. Compared to the fundamentals economic performance and the ever-growing impact of a polarized electorate the stuff of which a hundred overwrought post-debate analyses are made may be of only marginal significance. Of course, this cycle the fundamentals point to a very close race. So you ll probably want to tune in anyway Jeff Greenfield is a five-time Emmy-winning network television analyst and author.
Hillary Clinton on police shootings: 'too many people have lost their lives who shouldn't have'
Story highlights "This, though, is certain: too many people have lost their lives who shouldn't have," Clinton said The deaths of black civilians in confrontations with the police has taken center stage in the election Orlando (CNN) Hillary Clinton kicked off a campaign event Wednesday by saying that the recent police killings of two African-American men that unleashed a national uproar this week are "unbearable" and "intolerable." Clinton used those words the day before to describe last week's shooting death of Terence Crutcher in Oklahoma, but revisited the issue Wednesday in light of the death of Keith Lamont Scott in North Carolina. Her comments -- which came at the beginning of a lengthy speech about improving economic opportunities for disabled Americans -- marked her first on-camera remarks on the shootings, which have again sparked a debate about lethal police force. "There is still much we don't know yet about what happened in both incidents. But we do know that we have two more names to add to a list of African Americans killed by police officers in these encounters," Clinton said. "It's unbearable. And it needs to become intolerable." The Democratic nominee added: "I know I don't have all the answers. I don't know anyone who does. This, though, is certain: too many people have lost their lives who shouldn't have." Even as she referred to the deaths as "two very upsetting incidents," Clinton also urged the public against channeling their anger by targeting police officers as she pointed to the protests that unfolded Tuesday night. Read More
Johnson: 'I m going to sleep well at the end of all this'
I take great pride in the fact that I am actually offering an alternative," Gary Johnson said. | Getty Johnson: 'I m going to sleep well at the end of all this' Gary Johnson said a Hillary Clinton or Donald Trump presidency would be deeply flawed and shrugged off the notion that he could play spoiler in a tight presidential contest, despite fears among Democrats, in particular, that he s snatching votes from Clinton. The people voting for me are voting for Gary Johnson, the Libertarian presidential contender said Sunday on ABC s This Week, with George Stephanopoulos. I take great pride in the fact that I am actually offering an alternative. Fifty percent of people that are registering to vote are registering as independents. How is it that we can only have two candidates? Story Continued Below I m going to sleep well at the end of all this, giving people a first vote, not a second vote, not a lesser of two evils. Clinton s campaign manager, Robby Mook, who spoke earlier on the same program, shrugged off Johnson s impact on the race. He s taking votes from both candidates, but your own poll showed that his numbers are are dropping, he said, referring to a new Washington Post/ABC News poll that showed Johnson dipping to 5 percent support. I don t think that they re that either of the third-party candidates are really going to factor into the head-to-head in this race. Authors:
Anthony Weiner Under Federal Investigation for Alleged Sexting With a Minor
The U.S. Attorney s Office in Manhattan is investigating Anthony Weiner s alleged sexting with a minor, according to two officials briefed on the case. An inquiry was opened, although no formal complaint has been filed. Federal officials have issued a subpoena for Weiner s cell phone records. Federal prosecutors will not confirm nor deny the existence of an investigation, per Justice Department policy. The investigation was first reported yesterday by the Daily Mail. Asked for comment at an unrelated press conference, New York Gov. Andrew Cuomo said, "If the reports are true, it's possibly criminal and it is sick. And frankly, I ve heard enough about Anthony Weiner and I think that goes for all New Yorkers."
Senate Dems Move To Force Trump To Release His Tax Returns
11.7k SHARES SHARE THIS STORY The Senate reconvened this week as Democrats introduced a transparency in Presidential candidates bill that would force Donald Trump to release his tax returns, if Republicans would only be willing to face everything their racist nominee has done in his business career: Democrats are backing legislation from Sen. Ron Wyden (D-Ore.) that would require presidential candidates to release their tax returns within 15 days of receiving the party s nomination. It would also require the FEC would release the documents after 30 days, if a candidate did not. We re going to be here next week. We re probably going to have some downtime, Sen.Chris Murphy (D-Conn.) told reporters. There s no reason we couldn t vote. Democratic candidate Hillary Clinton and her husband the former President Bill Clinton have both disclosed over 30 years worth of tax returns, and all of the Clinton Foundation s returns too. In fact, since 1976 only one candidate has refused to release tax returns, and in that election Republican Gerald Ford kept his taxes secret, and left the Oval Office after losing to Democrat Jimmy Carter. In the 2012 election, Democratic Senate leader Harry Reid voraciously and publicly called out Republican nominee Mitt Romney for only releasing two years of tax returns, saying that he was hiding his returns for over a decade and that the candidate had paid a very low or no tax on his income whatsoever. He was right! But America only found out just one week before the election, long after the start of early voting and absentee ballot mailing, when Bloomberg News published a definitive article on Romney s taxes, which showed a huge income and no tax paid, validating the Democrat s numerous public statements. According to The Hill: Minority Leader Harry Reid (D-Nev.), who has called out the GOP presidential nominee nearly every day recently, added Thursday that Trump is ethically compromised and the king of the welfare kings. Ironically, Romney s father George Romney was a Republican candidate for President before him, and started the tradition of American politicians disclosing their financial details when running to become Commander in Chief. American voters deserve to know what s inside Republican nominee Donald Trump s tax returns, to make the most informed votes possible. Because we all know every last detail about Democratic nominee Hillary Clinton s finances and personal history, but outside of lying, racism and narcissistic self-love, the orange-faced one is still a mystery. Add your name to millions demanding that Congress take action on the President s crimes. IMPEACH DONALD TRUMP!
Dem congressman to IRS: Audit the Trump Foundation
Story highlights Trump reportedly used $258,000 from his charity to pay off settlements in a pair of lawsuits "It is important that charitable funds be used for charitable purposes," Sander Levin wrote to the IRS Washington (CNN) Michigan Democratic Rep. Sander Levin called on the IRS Wednesday to audit The Trump Foundation, following a report that the billionaire used charity money to pay off legal settlements. "It is important that charitable funds be used for charitable purposes, rather than promote the business ventures of those affiliated with the charity. I therefore request an immediate audit of the Donald J. Trump Foundation," Levin wrote in a letter to IRS Commissioner John Koskinen The Washington Post reported earlier this week that Trump used $258,000 from his charity to pay off settlements in a pair of lawsuits. The Post reported that Trump used the charity to pay for a $100,000 settlement with the city of Palm Beach in 2007 and used another $158,000 from his charity to settle a lawsuit filed in 2011 about a hole-in-one claim at a charity golf tournament. The revelation immediately drew accusations from Democrats of Trump self-dealing. Messages left with the Trump campaign and the IRS were not immediately returned Wednesday. But New Jersey Gov. Chris Christie, a top Trump surrogate, warned Hillary Clinton's campaign Wednesday of using the allegations against the Trump Foundation for a political attack. Read More
Armed Intruders Break in House Armed Resident Responds Eagle Rising
Friday morning around 4:00, three men some of whom were armed barged in through one of the doors of an Atlanta resident s house. The resident s co-worker was over for work-related reasons, and when she heard the commotion, she sprung into action, wielding a handgun. The whole episode was caught on surveillance camera that was set up inside the house. The resident s co-worker unloaded all the rounds from her gun into the intruders direction, sending all three of them out the door. One of the intruders even jumped through a glass door. Two intruders are still on the loose, and a third one died from his gunshot wounds in the driveway. After the gunfight, the homeowner can be seen calming down his housemate and taking the gun away. In an interview with Channel 2, Gwinnett County Cpl. Dean Washington reacted to the incident: She exercised her right to defend her livelihood and property. He added: It s not common that we receive this caliber of surveillance video showing the crime unfold, an actual home invasion. Washington hopes that the surveillance video will also lead to their being able to capture the two remaining suspects: They re not wearing anything on their faces so we re highly anticipating someone watching the evening newscast will recognize these people. See the surveillance footage here: The views expressed in this opinion article are solely those of their author and are not necessarily either shared or endorsed by EagleRising.com
Post-debate, Trump team hits moderator Holt for 'some hostile questions'
"He didn't ask her about a lot of things she should have been asked about," Donald Trump said about Lester Holt. | Getty Post-debate, Trump team hits moderator Holt for 'some hostile questions' Donald Trump and his campaign complained Tuesday morning that debate moderator Lester Holt targeted him for unfair questioning while neglecting to ask Hillary Clinton about any of her various scandals. They were leaving all of her little goodies out. They didn't ask her about, you know, much, Trump said on Fox News s Fox and Friends. But I was asked about my tax returns, which I've told about 500 times. But, you know, I think I did I think I really did well when we were asked normal questions. I think I did really well in answering those questions, but those questions are not answerable in a positive light. Story Continued Below Still, Trump was upbeat overall about the debate, which he said went really well despite some hostile questions. The Manhattan billionaire gave Holt a C+ for his performance as moderator, praising him for his issue-based questions in the first 45 minutes of the debate but attacking him as biased for a series of more direct questions about a housing discrimination lawsuit filed against Trump s real estate company in the 1970s, even though it was Clinton who brought up the Justice Department lawsuit. I didn t think he did a bad job. You know, when you look at it, you watch the last four questions, he hit me on birther, he hit he on a housing deal from many years ago that I settled with no recourse and no guilt. He asked me about that, Trump said. That's a beauty to be asked, you know, 40-year-old lawsuit, or older. I just hate to say it s older because then you ll know, then [Fox News anchor Ainsley Earhardt] will say Wow I didn t know Trump was that old. Hey, she ll be unimpressed. Well, he didn't ask her about the emails at all. He didn't ask her about her scandals. He didn't ask her about the Benghazi deal that she destroyed, he said. He didn't ask her about a lot of things she should have been asked about. I mean, you know, there's no question about it. He didn't ask about her foundation. Attacking Holt became a running theme from Trump's campaign Tuesday morning, as both his running mate and campaign manager took to the morning shows to criticize the moderator. "I was disappointed that Lester did not get into some of the issues that had been in so much of the forefront of Hillary Clinton s candidacy the FBI investigation, pay to play, the whole disastrous events that took place in Benghazi and Libya that never came up," GOP vice presidential candidate Mike Pence said on Good Morning America. Trump's campaign manager Kellyanne Conway took a similar line, saying on CNN Tuesday that there were topics she wished Holt would have raised. I just would have liked to have heard more about Benghazi or e-mails or the Clinton foundation since these are very clearly in the news," she said. "You know, one of our guests last night was Mark Geist, not Mark Cuban, Mark Geist, who's a Benghazi hero and survivor. And You know, he was within several feet or yards of them and I think it's a good reminder to be Americans of what her record is on that particular issue." While the Republican nominee insisted that he had outperformed Clinton at the debate, he said that he struggled throughout the night with a defective microphone that made him difficult to hear for the audience in the debate hall. Trump suggested that perhaps his microphone, which he said worked perfectly earlier in the day, had been tampered with. I had a problem with a microphone that didn't work. I don t know if you saw that in the room, but my microphone was terrible. I wonder, was it set up that way on purpose, he said. My microphone, in the room they couldn't hear me, you know, it was going on and off. Which isn't exactly great. I wonder if it was set up that way, but it was terrible. Asked if Clinton had successfully managed to get under his skin during their 90-minute back-and-forth, Trump said she had not until the end of the debate, when the former secretary of state brought up Miss Universe winner Alicia Machado, who Trump called Miss Piggy and Miss Housekeeping because of her Latin heritage. Addressing Trump directly about the name-calling, Clinton said, Donald, she has a name. Her name is Alicia Machado. And she has become a US citizen and you can bet she is going to vote this November." I know that person, that person was a Miss Universe person, and she was the worst we ever had. The worst, the absolute worst. She was impossible, and she was a Miss Universe contestant and ultimately a winner who they had a tremendously difficult time with as Miss Universe, he said. She was the winner, and, you know, she gained a massive amount of weight, and it was a real problem. We had a real problem. Not only that, her attitude, and we had a real problem with her, so Hillary went back into the years and she found this girl. This was many years ago, and found the girl and talked about her like she was mother Teresa and it wasn't quite that way, but that's okay. Hillary has to do what she has to do. Authors:
One Critically Wounded As Charlotte Police Endure Second Night Of RIOTS [VIDEO]
One Critically Wounded As Charlotte Police Endure Second Night Of RIOTS [VIDEO] In a second night of violent protests in Charlotte, North Carolina after a black police officer shot and killed an armed, black suspect, Keith Lamont Scott, things are spiraling out of control and the governor has declared an emergency there. One protester is clinging to life by a thread after being critically wounded by a protester who shot into the crowd randomly. He was hit in the head and is on life support. Three other protesters and four officers were wounded in the chaos. I even heard that protesters tried to throw a reporter into a fire. I also saw white people in their cars with guns for protection. I can t say that I blame them. The NASCAR Hall of Fame and many other businesses were hit by vandals during all of this. The National Guard has now arrived to help fight the increasing violence in Charlotte. From the Daily Mail: National Guard troops have arrived in Charlotte after a protest turned violent on Wednesday night. A state of emergency has been declared in response to the chaos that has taken over the North Carolina city, two days after a father-of-seven was shot dead by a police officer. One of the demonstrators was shot in the head outside the Omni Hotel and is fighting for his life. At least three other protesters and four police officers were also taken to hospital after they were injured in the riot. A cameraman and reporter for WCNC-TV were also attacked while a CNN correspondent was body-slammed during a live broadcast. It was the second night of unrest following the deadly shooting of Keith Lamont Scott by black cop, Brentley Vinson, on Tuesday afternoon. Police insist he was armed, but family members maintain he was only reading a book when he was gunned down next to his car. Many businesses and buildings, including the NASCAR Hall of Fame, were hit by vandals and looters. Major companies with offices in the downtown area including Bank of America, Wells Fargo and Duke Energy all told employees to stay away from the area Thursday. Charlotte Mayor Jennifer Roberts is considering putting a curfew in place in a bid to control the disorder. A number of black people defended the police officers, but there were far more that wanted to get their violence on there. A cameraman and reporter for WCNC-TV was attacked, while a CNN correspondent was body-slammed during a live broadcast. On Thursday morning, hotel and restaurant employees and security guards started cleaning up dozens of broken windows after protesters smashed buildings and painted the slogan Black Lives Matter on walls. Demonstrators were also seen breaking into a convenience store and a shop that sells merchandise for the NBA franchise, the Charlotte Hornets. Others set fire to trash cans. Some protesters expressed anger at the lawlessness exhibited by fellow demonstrators. One woman was heard shouting, Stop that s not what this is about, as young men broke bottles in the street. After a black man shot another protester, demonstrators began throwing bottles, dirt clods and fireworks at the officers. The police fired flash grenades and then tear gas back, dispersing the crowd of several hundred. Protesters responded by hurling trash cans and potted plants. A riot is an uncontrollable beast once you unleash it, it takes on a life of its own and the message is usually lost in the violence and chaos that ensues. I fear this is another step in a race war and all out chaos in our streets. Russia must be smiling. Watch the latest video at video.foxnews.com
Rouhani: Iran deal able to weather the election
Rouhani: Iran deal able to weather the election Iranian President Hassan Rouhani on Wednesday expressed confidence that the landmark nuclear deal between his country and a group of world powers will be able to weather the volatile U.S. election season. MSNBC's Chuck Todd asked Rouhani whether he'd rather work with Hillary Clinton or Donald Trump, citing comments they've made on the nuclear deal. Rouhani said, "Of course, throughout the atmosphere of presidential elections in the United States, candidates can bring up any topic that they see best suits the needs of their campaigns. But the reality remains that when the joint comprehensive plan of action was passed based on the United Nations Security Council resolution 2231, and it was approved unanimously, that became an international agreement." Story Continued Below Trump has repeatedly criticized the Iran nuclear deal, calling it a "bad deal" and previously said he would tear it up. He's also called the Obama administration incompetent over it. Clinton, on the other hand, has said she would respect the deal, yet be cautious in dealing with Iran, in what's come to be known as her "distrust and verify" strategy. "No one can say here or there that I don't accept this agreement, I want to renegotiate it. This has purely an electoral effect for some," Rouhani said. Authors:
How Can we LEAD When we Can t Even Control Our Own Cities? [VIDEO] Eagle Rising
Donald Trump was in Pittsburgh, Pennsylvania Thursday for a campaign speech. He took time to address the unrest around the country in the wake of recent officer-involved shootings. Here s what he said: Before going any further today, I want to address the turmoil unfolding right now in our country. And it seems to be a never-ending problem. America desperately needs unity, and it needs the spirit of togetherness, that has not only gotten us through our toughest times because we ve had some tough times but which has lifted us up in the past to our greatest achievements as a nation. Everyday I see people of different backgrounds working together for common good, and we need to bring that spirit to every part of our country and become one American nation, united by shared values and principles as American citizens. We have to do it. And we have to respect our flag. We have to respect our flag. We all have to walk a mile in someone else s shoes and see things through their eyes, and then get to work fixing our very wounded country. We have some real problems. And we do have a wounded country. Many Americans are watching the unrest in Charlotte unfolding right before their eyes on the TV screen. Others are witnessing the chaos and the violence firsthand. Our country looks bad to the world, especially when we are supposed to be the world s leader. How can we lead when we can t even control our own cities? We honor and recognize the right of all Americans to peacefully assemble, protest, and demonstrate. But there is no right to engage in violent disruption or to threaten the public safety and peace of others. Every single American in our country is entitled to live in a safe community. The violence against our citizens and our law enforcement must be brought to a very rapid end. The people who will suffer the most as a result of these riots are law-abiding African-American residents who live in these communities where the crime is so rampant. It s their jobs, housing market, schools, economic conditions that will suffer. And the first duty of government is to protect their wellbeing and safety. We have to do that. There is no compassion in tolerating lawless conduct. Crime and violence is an attack on the poor and will never be accepted in a Trump administration. Our job is not to make life more comfortable for the violent disrupter, but to make life more comfortable for the African-American parent trying to raise their kids in peace, to walk their children to school and get their children great educations. We have to cherish and protect those people. The views expressed in this opinion article are solely those of their author and are not necessarily either shared or endorsed by EagleRising.com
9 times Ted Cruz insulted Donald Trump before endorsing him
"Donald, you re a sniveling coward," Ted Cruz said in March. | Getty 9 times Ted Cruz insulted Donald Trump before endorsing him Two months after he was booed off the stage at the Republican National Convention for snubbing his party s presidential nominee, Sen. Ted Cruz endorsed Donald Trump on Friday. That declaration to vote for him, though, comes after the Texas senator openly disparaged his primary opponent repeatedly in part responding to Trump s attacks on his wife and father. Story Continued Below 1. Early on, Cruz speculated that Trump s tax returns could show a mob connection In February, Cruz offered his take on why Trump hadn t released his tax returns in an interview on NBC s Meet the Press, suggesting that they might show Donald's business dealings with the mob, with the mafia. The fact that Donald seems terrified to release his taxes suggests that there s a bombshell there, Cruz said. It s natural to wonder, Well, what is it that he's hiding in his taxes? 2. In March, Cruz called him a sniveling coward Speaking to a group of reporters in Dane, Wisconsin, after Trump made a comment promising to spill the beans on the senator s wife, Cruz pointed his finger and said, Donald, you re a sniveling coward. Leave Heidi the hell alone. It s not easy to tick me off. I don t get angry often, but you mess with my wife, you mess with my kids, that ll do it every time, Cruz said. 3. He also called Trump a big, loud New York bully Let me be absolutely clear: Our spouses and our children are off bounds, Cruz said . It is not acceptable for a big, loud New York bully to attack my wife. 4. Also, a small and petty man who is intimidated by strong women Trump s attacks, Cruz suggested , were actions of a small and petty man who is intimidated by strong women. 5. Cruz called one of Trump s theories nuts and just kooky In May, after Trump cited a National Enquirer report that alleged Cruz s father may have had some involvement in the assassination of President John F. Kennedy, Cruz addressed reporters in Evansville, Indiana: This morning, Donald Trump went on national television and attacked my father. Donald Trump alleges that my dad was involved in assassinating JFK. Now, let s be clear, this is nuts. This is not a reasonable position. This is just kooky. 6. He also called him a pathological liar who lies practically every word that comes out of his mouth Also in Indiana, on the same day the state's voters would deliver a decisive victory to Trump, Cruz added : I m gonna tell you what I really think of Donald Trump: This man is a pathological liar. He doesn t know the difference between truth and lies. He lies practically every word that comes out of his mouth, and in a pattern that I think is straight out of a psychology textbook, his response is to accuse everybody else of lying. 7. And Cruz was specific with the term pathological : Trump is utterly amoral, he said I say pathological because I actually think Donald, if you hooked him up to a lie detector test, he could say one thing in the morning, one thing at noon and one thing in the evening, all contradictory and he d pass the lie detector test each time. Whatever lie he s telling, at that minute he believes it, but the man is utterly amoral, Cruz said . 8. And, while he was at it, Cruz accused him of narcissism and being a serial philanderer Continuing to unload in Indiana, Cruz offered : He combines [dishonesty] with being a narcissist, a narcissist at a level I don t think this country s ever seen. Donald Trump is such a narcissist that Barack Obama looks at him and says, Dude, what s your problem? And: Donald Trump is a serial philanderer, and he boasts about it. This is not a secret. He s proud of being a serial philanderer. 9. In July, Cruz still hadn t forgiven Trump for the attacks on his family I am not in the habit of supporting people who attack my wife and attack my father, Cruz said, answering questions at a Texas delegation breakfast at the Republican National Convention in Cleveland and facing backlash for not yet endorsing Trump. Referring to his pledge to support his party s nominee, Cruz said that statement was not a blanket commitment that if you slander and attack Heidi I'm going to nonetheless go like a servile puppy dog" and support him. Authors:
Critical counties: Wake County, NC, could put up a fight
Critical Counties is a CNN series exploring 11 counties around the country that chief national correspondent John King has identified as key in the 2016 election. These counties could play an outsize role in the election and offer an instructive example of what the political parties have accomplished. Wake County is the fourth county in the series, which runs through Election Day. Explore the other critical counties. Washington (CNN) Few counties could prove more decisive in this election than Wake County, North Carolina. A historically competitive county whose fortunes are on the rise, Wake could help deliver Hillary Clinton a win in a key battleground state -- or dash her hopes for the presidency. Simply put, if Clinton performs well in the highly educated research triangle, then election night bodes well for her. If Wake County doesn't come out for Clinton, Donald Trump's path to the White House would grow much clearer. The county is rapidly expanding, and the influx of new people and industries could reshape the race. Meanwhile, the turmoil across the state in Charlotte after a police officer shot and killed a black man could add another focal point in the election search data from Google Trends shows Wake County's spiking interest in "police brutality" this week. Keep your eye on Wake County, and take a look at the fundamentals below. Population Wake County is fairly representative of the country in terms of race and ethnicity, but it has a more highly educated population, bigger incomes and a better job picture than the rest of the nation. Read More
Obama wears hat, breaking Politics 101 rule on headgear
Obama wears hat, breaking Politics 101 rule on headgear President Barack Obama violated the longstanding, albeit unofficial, rule against presidential headgear on Monday when he accepted a hat and blanket at the White House Tribal Nations Conference. The president was given the hat and blanket by Native American leaders as he took the stage ahead of remarks at the conference. He wore the blanket around his shoulders as a song was played in his honor, but took the hat off after just a few moments. Story Continued Below What an amazing honor and what a kind gesture, for the honor song and the blanket and the hat, Obama said once he took the podium. I have to say that I am very glad that you also have a blanket for Michelle so she doesn t steal mine. She would, too. I m just saying. That was very moving, and is a reminder of the great friendships that we ve developed over the last eight years, he added. The unofficial rule against presidents wearing unusual hats is widely credited to Democratic presidential nominee Michael Dukakis, whose decision to wear a tank-commander s helmet during a ride in an M1A1 Abrams Main Battle Tank has been widely ridiculed to this day. Obama himself acknowledged the rule during a 2013 visit from the Naval Academy s football team, which presented him with one of its helmets. Here s the general rule: You don t put stuff on your head if you re president, Obama said, explaining his refusal to put on the helmet that had been fitted for him. That s Politics 101. You never look good wearing something on your head. Authors:
Clinton: The next 50 days will determine the next 50 years
Hillary Clinton said this year's election will impact the next 50 years of America. | AP Photo Clinton: The next 50 days will determine the next 50 years Hillary Clinton on Tuesday warned that the nearly 50-day sprint to Election Day will impact far more than just the next four or eight years. Making an appeal to black voters during an interview on the Steve Harvey Morning Show, Clinton stressed that voters can t sit this one out. Story Continued Below Every issue they care about is at stake in this election, Clinton said. This is not: Oh, you know, a little here, a little there. We can you know, we can take it, no matter who wins. No. The next 50 days will determine the next 50 years, and I say that absolutely seriously. The former secretary of state said she hopes everyone is registered to vote and directed listeners to a website to find out whether they re registered because I need you. We gotta stand up and be counted in this election, she added. Clinton s comments come after President Barack Obama made an appeal on Clinton's and his own behalf in an address to the Congressional Black Caucus Foundation on Saturday. My name may not be on the ballot, but our progress is on the ballot, Obama said. Tolerance is on the ballot. Democracy is on the ballot. Justice is on the ballot. Good schools are on the ballot. Ending mass incarceration, that s on the ballot right now. But up next on the docket is the first presidential debate between Clinton and Trump on Monday in New York, where the former senator expects to absorb a bunch of body blows from an aggressive foe. I am going to do my very best to communicate as clearly and fearlessly as I can in the face of the insults and the attacks and the bullying and bigotry that we ve seen coming from my opponent, she said. You know, I can take it, Steve. I can take that kind of stuff. I ve been at this and, you know, I understand it s a contact sport. What Clinton won t take, though, is any insults toward anyone else. You know, his attacks on African-Americans and immigrants and Muslims and women and people with disabilities, it s just it s just something we cannot tolerate, she said. As Clinton wrapped up her interview, Trump taunted her on Twitter: Hillary Clinton is taking the day off again, she needs the rest. Sleep well Hillary see you at the debate! Authors:
I Was RFK s Speechwriter. Now I m Voting for Trump. Here s Why.
I was a Democrat all my life. I came to Washington to serve President John Kennedy and Attorney General Robert Kennedy. When the president was murdered and his brother struck off on his own, I joined his Senate campaign and staff as his legislative assistant and speechwriter, until his presidential campaign ended with his own assassination. I ran on a (losing) Democratic ticket in the New York state elections of 1970. When I was working to enact my own program of police reform in the 1980s and 1990s, then-Governor Bill Clinton was chairman of my National Committee for the Police Corps. This year, I will vote to elect Donald Trump as president of the United States. Story Continued Below So profound a change, and a decent respect for old friendships, requires me to deliver a public accounting for this decision. Here it is. John and Robert Kennedy devoted their greatest commitments and energies to the prevention of war and the preservation of peace. To them that was not an abstract formula but the necessary foundation of human life. But today s Democrats have become the Party of War: a home for arms merchants, mercenaries, academic war planners, lobbyists for every foreign intervention, promoters of color revolutions, failed generals, exploiters of the natural resources of corrupt governments. We have American military bases in 80 countries, and there are now American military personnel on the ground in about 130 countries, a remarkable achievement since there are only 192 recognized countries. Generals and admirals announce our national policies. Theater commanders are our principal ambassadors. Our first answer to trouble or opposition of any kind seems always to be a military movement or action. Nor has the Democratic Party candidate for president this year, Hillary Clinton, sought peace. Instead she has pushed America into successive invasions, successive efforts at regime change. She has sought to prevent Americans from seeking friendship or cooperation with President Vladimir Putin of Russia by characterizing him as another Hitler. She proclaims herself ready to invade Syria immediately after taking the oath of office. Her shadow War Cabinet brims with the architects of war and disaster for the past decades, the neocons who led us to our present pass, in Iraq, in Afghanistan, Syria, Libya, Yemen, in Ukraine, unrepentant of all past errors, ready to resume it all with fresh trillions and fresh blood. And the Democrats she leads seem intent on worsening relations with Russia, for example by sending American warships into the Black Sea, or by introducing nuclear weapons ever closer to Russia itself. In fact, in all the years of the so-called War on Terror, only one potential American president has had the intelligence, the vision, the sheer sanity to see that America cannot fight the entire world at once; who sees that America s natural and necessary allies in this fight must include the advanced and civilized nations that are most exposed and experienced in their own terror wars, and have the requisite military power and willingness to use it. Only one American candidate has pointed out how senseless it is to seek confrontation with Russia and China, at the same time that we are trying to suppress the very jihadist movements that they also are attacking. That candidate is Donald Trump. Throughout this campaign, he has said that as president, he would quickly sit down with President Putin and seek relaxation of tensions between our nations, and possible collaboration in the fight against terrorists. On this ground alone, he marks himself as greatly superior to all his competitors, earlier in the primaries and now in the general election. It must also be said: Mr. Trump is an imperfect candidate, and he would surely be an imperfect president. He is crude, often vulgar. He has areas of great ignorance. He insults people and inflicts unnecessary harm. He would be twice the candidate he is if he used half the words. He is often intemperate; though it is not Trump but his opponent who is so intemperate as to compare Putin s moves in Ukraine to what Hitler did an insult that throughout all the Cold War and to this day, no American president has ever offered to any Soviet or Russian leader, not even the enormous butcher Josef Stalin, with whom in fact we joined to win the Second World War. And it is not Mr. Trump but Michael Morell, a former CIA director now high in the councils of the Democratic candidate, who has publicly suggested, without rebuke from anyone, that we should begin killing Russians, a doubly illegal act of war. Moreover Trump marks himself as a man of singular political courage, willing to defy the hysteria of the Washington war hawks, the establishment and the mainstream media who daily describe him as virtually anti-American for daring to voice ideas and opinions at variance with their one-note devotion to war. *** John Kennedy admired political courage. He began his first campaign for Congress at the height of the Cold War by saying, Above all, day and night, with every ounce of ingenuity and industry we possess, we must work for peace. We must not have another war. Years later, in the Cuban Missile Crisis of 1962, he and his brother had to overcome great opposition from their own military commanders, government officials and other public leaders, to prevent a war with the Soviet Union: there were 13 men in the ExComm room, and Robert Kennedy said that had any 1 of 8 of them been president, the crisis would have exploded in nuclear war. But within a year thereafter, deeply affected by the barely-averted catastrophe, President Kennedy had forged a close working relationship with Soviet leader Nikita Khrushchev, spoke all over the country to promote peace policies, and delivered his historic American University speech of 1963. Our strategy of peace, he said, was not a Pax Americana enforced on the world by American weapons of war. Rather it must be founded on negotiation, cooperation in areas of mutual interest, and recognition that our most basic common link is that we all inhabit this small planet. We all breathe the same air. We all cherish our children s future. And we are all mortal. As to our great adversary the Soviet Union, he said, we must reexamine our own attitude as individuals and as a nation for our attitude is as essential as theirs. Six months later he was dead; and it was Robert Kennedy who must resume the effort. Robert Kennedy made ratification of the Nuclear Test Ban Treaty the early centerpiece of his Senate career. But as President Lyndon Johnson escalated the war in Vietnam, it was that war which forced Robert Kennedy to make his doomed race for the presidency. Wherever he campaigned in 1968, to virtually every audience, he spoke of the loss, the horror, the infinite tragedy of that war, in words that could be and must be repeated today, after 15 consecutive years of wars all over the world. Our brave young men, he said, are dying in the swamps of Southeast Asia. Which of them might have written a poem? Which of them might have cured cancer? Which of them might have played in a World Series or given us the gift of laughter from the stage or helped build a bridge or a university? Which of them would have taught a child to read? It is our responsibility to let these men live ... It is indecent if they die because of the empty vanity of their country. He also urged that we consider the Vietnamese mother, desperately trying to shield her baby from the fire from the sky, sent by machines from a country she could barely understand. He demanded of his colleagues, on the Senate floor, to answer what gave us the right to destroy remote villages on the other side of the world, to arrogate to ourselves the power of God, the rule of life and death over others. All this is our responsibility, he said, not just a nation s responsibility but yours and mine. John and Robert Kennedy were no pacifists, nor ignorant of the realities of power. But they required that great power be used with great precision and restraint, and with humility. Both knew that their own lives were hostage to the possibility of assassination, yet they kept trying to guide us toward peace up to the moments of their death. The legacy of JFK & RFK is being abandoned by today s Democratic Party. Theirs is the legacy that is being abandoned by today s Democratic Party. We have broken one Middle Eastern nation after another. Hundreds of cities and villages lie in ruins, hundreds of thousands are dead, millions are refugees; and, for all the press and political thundering against the menace of ISIS, Al Qaeda, or Islamic terrorism generally, our military leaders offer no prospects of victory. They cannot tell us what victory would require or mean; though they are quick to assure us, as in Libya today, that this conflict will go on indefinitely. They cannot even explain how some of our current allies (example Turkey) are bombing and shelling others of our purported allies (example the Kurds). So a Democratic administration, carrying on the work of the Bush presidency, without thought and without question, year after year, has kept sending more young men and women into the grinder. Scores of Democratic elected officials once spoke and worked tirelessly to end our disastrous war in Vietnam. Today there is only the voice of the marvelous Democratic member of Congress Tulsi Gabbard, a reservist who has twice deployed to Iraq and knows of what she speaks. And it is a Democratic president who sends an endless parade of drones to nations all over the world, flaunting for all to see America s unique military technology, coupled with our seeming complete carelessness in how that technological prowess destroys people and nations. Most amazing of all, however, is that as we proclaim that the terrorists threaten Europe, threaten the United States, threaten Western civilization itself as we face all this, we do not concentrate our military might against this unique threat. Where are we sending our warriors, our ships, our planes? Why to Russia, which the U.S. general who commands NATO has announced is the prime existential threat to America. As you read this, ground, air and naval forces of NATO, led and largely paid for by the United States, have been moving about the Western borders of Russia, carrying out the largest military maneuvers since World War II. At the same time, our most powerful carriers and naval air forces have been steaming about the South China Sea, there perhaps to find encounters of unknowable potential with the rising forces of China, our second said to be existential enemy. There are no Russian terrorists ravaging France or Italy or America. ISIS is not to be found on Russian soil. The only Russian terrorists who have attacked the West are the Islamists whom President Putin first asked us to join in the fight against in 1999. The only Chinese terrorists are Uighurs who are attacking not us but China itself. It would seem elementary common sense that America would have long since sought, not to fight with Russia and China, but to cooperate with both to suppress the terrorists and the terrorism that have plagued us for over a generation, including the ISIS that is terrorizing Europe today. Former Defense Secretary William Perry, a Democrat, warns that we are now, today, on the threshold of a new Cold War. ... a new nuclear arms race. ... the likelihood of a nuclear catastrophe is actually greater than it was during the Cold War. Surely the wars and threats of war already on our horizon would be more than enough for any empire; and our empire, as every thoughtful person knows, is already staggering under the immeasurable loads of debt piled up by America, by our governments, our corporations, our households, our students, and our promises of unlimited benefits in the future. The years of constant combat have exhausted our military. False hopes and vain promises of victory have burnt up the caches of idealism and patriotic commitment with which we began the wars a generation ago. Our forces are worn out, especially the elite warrior units that have been constantly deployed for more than a decade. But, ominously, there is more to come, more that already stares us in the face. The dire events of this summer have shown us the true danger that lurks here at home. This is not a danger imported from Syria or Iraq or Russia. Our greatest menace is the danger of our own history, our inheritance to the latest day. For the fact is that while we chased a chimera of peace and justice in lands far from our own, imposing ourselves and our concepts on strangers who rejected our teachings, we were neglecting our own country and our own people, our own neighbors, our own children and our own friends. And now we can see the result. The violence we took to other countries bounces back to our own. The money we squandered on bombs in Iraq was not available for our own schools. The brilliant young men and women, who gave up their bodies and their lives on distant battlefields, were not here to teach and mentor and guide the young people of the ghetto. They were not here to police the mean streets, to suppress and eliminate the crime that is the greatest cause of poverty. They were not here to bring the protection and the blessings of the American Constitution to the least among us. They were not here to protect American cities and enrich American lives. And they were not here to keep Americans and American children from murdering American police officers. This is our true present danger. *** So my hope for America is this. First, we must begin immediately to end our involvement in endless, unnecessary and therefore murderous wars. We need our best young people to help us here at home. We need to stop the reckless military spending on more destructive armaments. We need to breathe free again. We must and will defend civilized order against its deadly enemies. ISIS and its brethren must be eliminated: no quarter, no hesitation. But we will need to engage all civilized peoples in our mutual defense. We must abandon foolish skirmishes and petty jealousies. We must end our reflexive efforts to dominate other developed nations, especially Russia and China. President Kennedy told us over and over that our own peace and security, in this dangerous world, would depend upon peaceful and cooperative relations with Russia and the Russian people; indeed, at the end of his presidency, Ronald Reagan said the same. Fools in Washington, intent on world domination, would have us ignore that wisdom now. But it is the wisdom that we need to preserve the world and our children s future. Second, we must at the same time begin to recover our domestic peace. There are many ills to be cured, many shortcomings to be righted. But nothing can be accomplished in the midst of a war against police, an insurrection against the Constitution itself. Our clear priority is reinforcement of our police and police departments. We need many more and better police. We need them to be better trained, not as warriors but as shepherds, as leaders and teachers of the young, as peacemakers in communities that have not known real peace for many years. We need our very best young people, not getting their legs blown off by IEDs in Afghanistan, but saving all of our lives in St. Louis and Chicago and Detroit and Baton Rouge and all the other wasted places in our own land. Donald Trump has been mocked mercilessly for saying, America first. But to demand that all the actions of government, at home or abroad, be first directed at the interests and well-being of our own country is not old-fashioned or outmoded. Rather it represents the deepest wisdom and tradition of American statesmen from the founders on. Only with a clear vision of what is truly in the interests of our nation and our fellow citizens, and a full commitment to those interests, can we act wisely at home and in the world beyond. Finally, our president has told us we must lower our voices. Of course we do not hope for domestic discord. But the people of the United States have perhaps stood silent for too long. The elites of opinion and government have not hesitated to offer us instruction, from the heights of their power and eminence. These are the people who have led us into useless foreign war and limitless domestic disaster. This president tells us that we must now spend another trillion dollars on new nuclear weapons systems, and when we ask who will be the target for these world-destroying weapons, says only, There can be no business as usual with Russia. Surely he must have misspoken, for anyone can see we are on a course of madness. We simply cannot fight the entire world, Russia and China and all the nations of the Mideast, and fight a war at home all at the same time. And therefore we citizens must not be silent, we must speak as with one great overwhelming voice, a voice as powerful as Washington, as Jefferson, as Lincoln, as Martin Luther King: Return to the wisdom of the founders, who fought necessary wars to defend the Union, but sought no foreign conquests. Do not step over the threshold of a new Cold War, a new nuclear arms race with Russia and China, but seek to enlist them in common ventures to resist the forces of terror and chaos that threaten all civilization. Commit to our own domestic peace and security, rather than persist in a vain effort to control the lives and affairs of 200 foreign nations. This, as I understand it, is the platform of Donald Trump. It was not the Republican Party platform, and he had to overcome much opposition within his party to gain the nomination. But it is his platform. It is the platform he has restated again and again, with determination, and with the courage and persistence to outlast his critics. It is a platform that, even in these troubled days, could fulfill the hopes of the greatest Americans of all parties. Well may we seek reassurance whether Mr. Trump has the kind of cool judgment and self-possession that the presidency requires; the judgment that comes to the fore in crisis, that saves a nation or perhaps a world. No one can ever truly know how a future president will react to such enormous pressures. But Trump has given some evidence. He set himself a unique course toward the office, disdaining conventional wisdom, speaking more truth about politics and about America than any conventional consultant or adviser thought prudent or wise. And yet it is his independence, his willingness to name facts however unpleasant, together with his great political courage, that can give us hope and even some confidence that he may be up to the job. Perhaps most important, he has proven that he is not intimidated by the generals and admirals who have up to this day had their unimpeded way with our wars and our budgets, to the immense loss of both. Flawed as he may be, Trump is telling more of the truth than politicians of our day. Most important, he offers a path away from constant war, a path of businesslike accommodation with all reasonable people and nations, concentrating our forces and efforts against the true enemies of civilization. Thus, to dwell on his faults and errors is to evade the great questions of war and peace, life and death for our people and our country. You and I will have to compensate for his deficits of civility, in return for peace, we may hope as Lincoln hoped, among ourselves and with all nations. Truly, America first, last and always; for ourselves and for our posterity. These are the reasons why I will vote for Donald Trump for president. Adam Walinsky worked in the Department of Justice during the Kennedy administration and later served as legislative assistant and speechwriter to Sen. Robert F. Kennedy.
NC State Troopers Take A Knee Before Protecting Charlotte But It Wasn t To Protest The National Anthem
NC State Troopers Take A Knee Before Protecting Charlotte But It Wasn t To Protest The National Anthem As idiots like Colin Kaepernick took a knee to protest prejudice against blacks by police officers, cops in Charlotte, NC took a knee to pray before going to confront protesters. That says a lot and shows a huge difference. One is self-centered and obsessed over perceived slights, the other focuses on faith and God. A picture was taken by the North Carolina Troopers Association of these officers praying. It went viral almost immediately and with good reason. This is who we are. Radicals were bused into Charlotte to create havoc and violent chaos. They were also bused into Tulsa yesterday. We were fortunate here in that prayer prevailed and the protests were mostly peaceful. Charlotte was not so fortunate. I saw good people stand between the protesters and police trying to stop the radicals. I saw them kneel in the street praying that it would stop. Faith in God is colorblind racism and violence are not of God. From the Independent Review Journal: But after an officer-involved shooting in Charlotte left 43-year-old Keith Lamont Scottdead, another photo of people taking a knee began to circulate on social media. These people weren t on their knees in protest, however. They were on their knees in prayer. The photo, originally posted by the North Carolina Troopers Association, was shared nearly 100,000 times in less than 24 hours and included the following caption: 101 Things All Young Adults Should Know by Sir John Hawkins John Hawkins's book 101 Things All Young Adults Should Know is filled with lessons that newly minted adults need in order to get the most out of life. Gleaned from a lifetime of trial, error, and writing it down, Hawkins provides advice everyone can benefit from in short, digestible chapters. Buy Now North Carolina State Troopers having a word of fellowship and prayer before being deployed on the streets of Charlotte. Please keep them in your thoughts and prayers as they work to protect us and help the city rebuild. And the troopers weren t alone. There were a number of people who took a knee in the streets, filling the gap between protesters and police: People in Memphis knelt and bowed their heads as well. There were prayers said across the country and you know what? Race didn t matter. There are a few people making this ugly and rioting in the streets. They are for the most part useful idiots egged on and controlled by Marxists whether they know it or not. I was heartened to see the Rapid Response Team from Billy Graham s ministry there they are good people of faith and are greatly needed in Charlotte right now. We need to turn away from this hate and division and turn towards God. He is the only one who will lead us out of this. I m so very proud of these police officers they have their priorities straight. Black Lives Matter is not a good group they prefer violence and hatred, as opposed to prayer and faith.
Sacramento mayor punches pie thrower
Story highlights A protester pied Sacramento's mayor in the face at a charity event Wednesday The two scuffled afterward, and the protester was taken to a hospital for stitches (CNN) Kevin Johnson -- the NBA star-turned-Sacramento mayor -- was pied in the face by a man at a charity dinner Wednesday night at the high school he once attended. But the pie-thrower appeared to get the worst of it. Sean Thompson, 32, approached the mayor, pulled a pie out of the bag and shoving it in his face -- setting off a short scuffle, in which Johnson punched Thompson in the face several times, according to witnesses descriptions of the scuffle in local media reports "There was an altercation that occurred after he got the pie in the face," Sgt. Bryce Heinlein, a Sacramento police spokesman, told CNN. "There were some punches thrown, and then the subject was quickly taken to the ground by one of the officers that is on the mayor's security detail" and some event attendees, Heinlein said. Read More
Megan Rapinoe Punished Over Not Standing For Anthem?
U.S. women's soccer star Megan Rapinoe could face disciplinary action if she continues to kneel during the national anthem before games. Despite an official statement from U.S. Soccer stating that both coaches and players are expected to stand at attention during the national anthem, Rapinoe continued to kneel at the Sept. 18 game against the Netherlands, protesting what she believes to be injustice and oppression in the United States. Rapinoe first began her protest in solidarity with San Francisco 49ers quarterback Colin Kaepernick, who announced that he will not stand for the anthem as long as there is continued police brutality and racial prejudice in this country. His statements and actions have created a national movement, with athletes like Rapinoe following in his footsteps. Popular Video This young teenage singer was shocked when Keith Urban invited her on stage at his concert. A few moments later, he made her wildest dreams come true. Her actions in particular have angered U.S. Soccer, which released a statement saying that her protest goes against everything the organization stands for. "As part of the privilege to represent your country, we have an expectation that our players and coaches will stand and honor our flag while the national anthem is played," the statement reads in part, according to ESPN. While she wasn't immediately punished for her protest, ESPN reports that the situation will be re-evaluated if Rapinoe continues to kneel throughout the rest of the season. During a home game against the Netherlands, Rapinoe was met with some backlash when she refused to stand for the anthem, with one fan yelling, "Stand up!" Popular Video This young teenage singer was shocked when Keith Urban invited her on stage at his concert. A few moments later, he made her wildest dreams come true: Nonetheless, Rapinoe has no plans of quitting her protest and is willing to risk suspension in order to make a statement. "As of now I plan to keep kneeling," she told ESPN. "I'm trying to kind of formulate a better plan and an action step moving forward. But until then, this is how I can help, this is how I can use my voice going forward, and this is how I can be an ally in this space."
Liberals Are Furious When Reality Star Brody Jenner Tells the Truth About Police Shootings on Twitter
Liberals Are Furious When Reality Star Brody Jenner Tells the Truth About Police Shootings on Twitter It s true that conservatives have a tendency to take the opinions of reality stars with many grains of salt, especially because they have a tendency to be mindlessly liberal and ill-informed. Brody Jenner, however, has said something worth sharing. Brody is the son of Caitlyn (then Bruce) Jenner and actress Linda Thompson, and stars in The Hills, a show that I ve never seen and for which I can give you no description. Twitter exploded after Brody Jenner posted a comment on Instagram claiming that not everything is about race. Of course, adding All Lives Matter was pretty much the end of it. The perpetually-offended crowd took to their keyboards to let him know that he s a terrible person because he s white and a man, and straight and cis-gender. 101 Things All Young Adults Should Know by Sir John Hawkins John Hawkins's book 101 Things All Young Adults Should Know is filled with lessons that newly minted adults need in order to get the most out of life. Gleaned from a lifetime of trial, error, and writing it down, Hawkins provides advice everyone can benefit from in short, digestible chapters. Buy Now Below is the offending post: I normally don t speak about this type of stuff, but this is just ridiculous. I can t even watch the news anymore without getting pissed off. This has nothing to do with race. White, black, brown, any color if you have an officer of the law telling you to exit your vehicle (or do anything for that matter) you comply. And not only do you comply, but you do so willingly and follow directions completely. And why in the world would you exit that vehicle with a weapon in hand (allegedly?!) That makes no sense! And if, let s just say, you DON T have a gun, why would you not put your hands up in the air and state I do not have a gun so that the officers can clearly see that you don t?? After receiving backlash, he posted another photo on Instagram, salting the wounds of the whining babies on the left. Predictably, liberals lost their ever-loving minds over this, but it s honestly just par for the course with these people. They are always looking for something by which they can be offended.
Donna Brazile slams Trump for not apologizing for birther claims
Donna Brazile said Trump s hectoring of America s first black president about his birth certificate recalled for her and many others the nation s painful past. | AP Photo Donna Brazile slams Trump for not apologizing for birther claims Democratic National Committee interim chairwoman Donna Brazile said Donald Trump s refusal to apologize for spearheading the so-called birther movement that questioned the citizenship of Barack Obama is a wound that won't heal. Recalling her visit over the weekend the newly-opened National Museum of African-American History and Culture as well as her own family s history, Brazile said Trump s hectoring of America s first black president about his birth certificate recalled for her and many others the nation s painful past. Story Continued Below Donald Trump should take just a walk through that museum and see what it means to have to produce papers. I mean, my ancestors could not get papers simply because they were brought here as slaves. And it took centuries before we could finally get papers, she told CNN s New Day Tuesday morning. To bring this up over and over again, and to smear the first black president of the United States, Donald Trump should be ashamed of himself, and he should apologize. I get emotional. I got a birth certificate. My parents had a birth certificate. My grandparents did not. My great grandparents did not. The issue of Trump s support for the birther movement was raised late in Monday night s presidential debate by moderator Lester Holt, who asked Trump what he would say to Americans hurt by his championing of the issue. As he did at a press conference two weeks ago, Trump blamed Hillary Clinton and her associates for first raising the issue and took credit for bringing the matter to rest. To those who might have been offended, the Manhattan billionaire said Well, I say nothing, because I was able to get him to produce [his birth certificate]. Brazile admitted that the apology she wants from Trump is not forthcoming, so I know I'm speaking into the wild darkness of Donald Trump, but I think he should be ashamed of himself to bring that up and to say -- and this is what he said, I'm the one who got him to produce the birth certificate. It's amazing. I think it's a shame we put the president of the United States through this. It's just awful. And every time we talk about it, it's the wound. It s the wound that won't heal, she said. And this is what Donald Trump should understand, it's the wound that will never heal as long as people go out there and exploit what I call real racial pain and animus in this country. Authors:
US builds working theory on cause of Syrian airstrike
(CNN) The mistaken US-led coalition bombing of a Syrian military position Saturday may have happened because the personnel weren't wearing military uniforms and didn't have standard military weapons, several US military officials told CNN. Officials said they now think the personnel bombed may have been Syrian military prisoners, according to several US defense officials. That's a working theory of how US, British, Danish and Australian aircraft may have incorrectly assessed intelligence and targeted the site that killed more than 60 Syrian personnel near Deir Ezzor in eastern Syria. The UK Ministry of Defence is saying it used drones in the strike. Officials emphasized there are no final conclusions by the US about who was struck. Overhead imagery and interviews with those involved will have to be assessed. But the US is not disputing that Syrian personnel were hit. The US is trying to determine what specifically led to the mistaken strike and how the personnel may have been misidentified. Read More
Emmy Host Kimmel Calls Out Dude Who Made Trump A Reality TV Star For Helping Destroy America (VIDEO)
8422 SHARES SHARES FacebookTwitter GooglePinterestDiggLinkedin Reddit Stumbleupon PrintDeliciousPocketTumblr Jimmy Kimmel had an opportunity to bash Donald Trump in front of an audience of millions at the Emmys and he did not disappoint. He even went after Trump s enablers who were sitting in the audience. Kimmel opened the ceremony by poking fun of Hollywood s elite and making several sarcastic but pointed jokes about diversity. This year s nominees are the most diverse ever. And here in Hollywood, the only thing we value more than diversity is congratulating ourselves on how much we value diversity. The Emmys are so diverse this year, the Oscars are telling people we re one of their closest friends. But his greatest moment came when he mocked Trump. And called out the guy who made him a reality television celebrity. Kimmel sarcastically riffed about the existence of television making it possible for such self-aggrandizing and bombastic egotists like Trump to thrive. If it weren t for television, would Donald Trump be running for president? No. He would be at home right now quietly rubbing up against his wife Malaria, while she pretends to be asleep. And when it came to who was responsible for creating the five-alarm dumpster fire that is Donald Trump s presidency, Kimmel singled out Mark Burnett, the brainchild behind Celebrity Apprentice. That s right. That guy. Mark Burnett, the man who brought us Celebrity Apprentice. Thanks to Mark Burnett, we don t have to watch reality shows anymore, because we re living in one. Thank you, Mark. Perhaps only the guy who invented the infomercial is responsible for more suffering than Mark Burnett. That s why Kimmel nominated Burnett to be the first one tossed over Trump s wall, should Trump convince enough deplorables to vote against their economic self-interests. Watch the segment below: #Emmys: @JimmyKimmel blames Mark Burnett for Donald Trump during his opening monologue pic.twitter.com/vZ6gNe5HnL Hollywood Reporter (@THR) September 19, 2016 Featured image via Getty Like this: Like Loading... Related
NFL Superstar Unleashes 4 Word Bombshell on Reporter Pushing Him to Protest Anthem
McCain Criticized Trump for Arpaio s Pardon Sheriff Joe Fires Perfect Response Joe Arpaio may not be in office any more, but that doesn't mean America's toughest sheriff has lost his step... check out how he eviscerated John McCain after McCain attacked Donald J. Trump for pardoning the Arizona lawman. Read more
Trump-Clinton debates will stream on Twitter
On Media Blog Archives Select Date December, 2015 November, 2015 October, 2015 September, 2015 August, 2015 July, 2015 June, 2015 May, 2015 April, 2015 March, 2015 February, 2015 January, 2015 Trump-Clinton debates will stream on Twitter Twitter and Bloomberg Media are teaming up to stream the upcoming presidential debates live on Twitter. The social media site had similar arrangements for the conventions with CBS News, and is also streaming Thursday night NFL games and other sporting events. The debates will be available at debates.twitter.com, in Twitter Moments or on @bpolitics. The stream will also include thirty minute shows before and after the debate with Bloomberg Politics Managing Editors Mark Halperin and John Heinemann. Twitter and Bloomberg already have a deal for live streaming three Bloomberg TV shows. On Tuesday, Facebook announced it was teaming up with ABC for a similar streaming arrangement for the debates, along with commentary from the ABC News team before and after the debates. Hadas Gold is a reporter at Politico.
Joe Biden Slams Donald Trump's Comment That Housing Crisis Was 'Good Business'
During a campaign stop in Philadelphia, Vice President Joe Biden slammed Donald Trump s debate performance Monday night - specifically taking umbrage with the GOP nominee's comments on the housing crisis. "This is a guy who said -- and wants to be president -- that it was good business for him to see the housing market fail. What in the hell is he talking about?" Biden said during a rally at Drexel University. "Every president I have served with, including Republicans, has had a moral center about what it was to be an American, about what we re supposed to do, about what basic fundamental rights are." Biden asked the crowd if they could imagine Ronald Reagan, "saying it's good business to take advantage of people s misery, rooting for that misery?" "He does not have the basic fundamental sensibilities and values that almost every American politician left, right and center I know have," Biden said. "They disagree on how to make things better for you, but they don t take pleasure from 'You re fired.' They don t take pleasure knowing that they will benefit." During the first presidential debate, Hillary Clinton said Trump was rooting for a collapse in the housing market, to which the real-estate mogul responded, "That's called business, by the way." "When you re sitting atop Trump Tower, in a semi-golden palace, not a joke, what do you care about the people that I grew up with?" Biden said of Trump. The vice president also criticized Trump's suggestion that not paying taxes "makes me smart." "He acknowledged that he didn t pay taxes because, he said, he s smart. Makes him smart," Biden said. "Tell that to the janitor in here who s paying taxes. Tell that to your mothers and fathers who are breaking their neck to send you here who are paying their taxes. No I really mean it. It angers me. He added that the views Trump expressed in the debate demonstrate his outlook on the country. "If this choice isn t clear, I don t know - my lord," Biden said about the debate. "What bothers me about this race is how palpable his cynicism is about the American people."
National poll: Clinton leads Trump by 6
Story highlights Hillary Clinton has a 6-point lead over Donald Trump in a four way race, according to a new poll Clinton has the edge over Trump on a number of key issues in the poll ahead of the first presidential debate (CNN) Hillary Clinton holds a solid 6-point lead over Donald Trump heading into the first presidential debate next Monday, according to a new national poll released Friday. The McClatchy-Marist poll found Clinton leading Trump 45% to 39% among likely voters in a four-way race. Libertarian Gary Johnson garnered 10% support, and Green Party candidate Jill Stein polled at 4%. A Wall Street Journal/NBC poll this week found Clinton leading by a similar margin, 43% to 37%. Clinton maintains a massive lead among black voters in the new poll, pacing Trump 93% to 3% despite high-profile efforts by the Trump campaign to improve its outreach to minority voters. Clinton also has a large advantage over Trump among Latinos, 74% to 16%, but her support shrinks to 60% when third-party options are included. Both candidates continue to struggle with low favorability numbers -- 40% of likely voters say they have a favorable opinion of Clinton, and 37% say the same about Trump. Trump has a slight edge on the question of who is "honest and trustworthy," as 44% of likely voters think he is, while 36% think that Clinton is. The two run about even when voters pick who "shares their values" and who "cares about people like them." And Clinton beats Trump handily on "know how to do the job" and temperament. Read More
Public School Forced My Child To
7.5k SHARES Facebook Twitter A public high school has been accused of indoctrinated Islam into their students. Allegedly, the school has been mandating children profess the Islamic statement of faith, memorize the five pillars of Islam, as well as teaching students that the Muslims faith is stronger than a Christian or Jews. This is all according to lawsuit filed in federal court this past Wednesday. The lawsuit was filed on behalf of John and Melissa Wood with the Thomas More Law Center and the action is being taken against La Plata High School in Maryland. According to John Wood the school banished him from their property when he complained about the Islamic teachings. Richard Thompson, President of Thomas More, said, Defendants forced Wood s daughter to disparage her Christian faith by reciting the Shahada, and acknowledging Mohammed as her spiritual leader. The Law Center commented that for non Muslims such as Christians and Jews that reciting the Shahada Islamic creed which is their statement of faith is the equivalent of converting. Spokespeople for the Charles County Public Schools have refused to comment other than to say they have not received any such lawsuit yet. However, the Principal Evelyn Arnold, Vice Principal Shannon Morris, and Charles County Board of Education were all named in the lawsuit. The lawsuit says, During its brief instruction on Christianity, Defendants failed to cover any portion of the Bible or other non-Islamic religious texts, such as the Ten Commandments. Instead, the class included disparaging remarks about Christianity and the Pope. Such discriminatory treatment of Christianity is an unconstitutional promotion of one religion over another. United States Supreme Court precedent does not create a double standard that allows for the promotion of Islam in our public schools while disallowing and silencing teachings of Christianity and Judaism. Classroom assignment copies indicate the teachers were instructing students that most Muslim people s faith are stronger than that of the average Christian. As well, the copies show they taught students that Islam is a peaceful religion that treated their conquered nations with kindness and respect too. Part of the handout reads, Nowhere in the Koran does it say you will go to paradise if you martyr yourself with a suicide bomb. Important: The majority of Muslims do not live this way. It referenced the jihad as, a holy war waged on behalf of Islam as a religious duty; a personal struggle in devotion to Islam especially involving spiritual discipline. This reportedly occurred during the 2014-2015 school year. So lord only knows what these teachers have been education these students about for the past few years. Despite the fact the Thomas More Center has taken on this case neither the American Civil Liberties Union or the Freedom From Religion Foundation have weighed in on the issue.
ABC News Breaking News, Latest News, Headlines & Videos
External links are provided for reference purposes. ABC News is not responsible for the content of external Internet sites. Copyright 2017 ABC News Internet Ventures. Yahoo! - ABC News Network
How to watch the first presidential debate
Story highlights Monday night marks the first of three debates This is how you can watch it Washington (CNN) Hillary Clinton and Donald Trump will take the stage Monday night for the first presidential debate, due to be broadcast live most everywhere. It's one of the most anticipated political events of the year, and if you plan on watching it, here's what you need to know. The Commission on Presidential Debates, a bipartisan organization that manages the events, will host the first of three general election presidential debates at Hofstra University in New York on Monday, September 26. CNN will air the event in its entirety on its networks as well as through a live stream on CNN.com CNN Politics will host a live blog offering instant analysis and reaction as the debate unfolds at the top of the screen. Read More
Topics for first presidential debate announced
On Media Blog Archives Select Date December, 2015 November, 2015 October, 2015 September, 2015 August, 2015 July, 2015 June, 2015 May, 2015 April, 2015 March, 2015 February, 2015 January, 2015 Topics for first presidential debate announced Lester Holt, "NBC Nightly News" anchor and moderator of the first presidential debate scheduled for next Monday announced the topics that will serve as a jumping off point for his questions. The topics include "America's Direction," "Achieving Prosperity" and "Securing America." The announcement came with a caveat that the topics could change due to news developments. The debate, which will be held at Hofstra University on Long Island, New York, will feature six 15-minute segments over a 90 minute period with no commercial breaks. Two of the 15-minute segments will focus on each of the announced topics. Hadas Gold is a reporter at Politico. Authors:
KISS Bassist Gene Simmons on How to Stop Islamic Terrorism
[Ahmad Khan Rahami] should go to jail and be somebody s girlfriend. Rock Legend Gene Simmons commenting on recent NY/NJ bomber Ahmad Khan Rahami Hall of Fame rock legend Gene Simmons made a name for himself playing the bass guitar and singing for the pop-rock band KISS. In more recent years he s been a reality TV star, a cultural icon, and an outspoken defender of the free market system and personal liberty. The combination of these things has made Simmons marketing gold among more conservative NASCAR loving, flag waving Americans. The folks at TMZ recently ran into Simmons in the airport security line and asked him for his thoughts on the recent bombings. Simmons told TMZ that he thought the Muslim terrorist bomber, Rahami, should go to jail and be somebody s girlfriend. Ouch. TMZ then asked Simmons how he would solve the problem of Islamic terrorism in America, to which Simmons replied, rather politically incorrectly, that we needed to do more profiling. Nobody says the word profile. Everyone needs to get smart. I m ok with profiling. I want you to stop me first. I want you to stop me because I look a certain way. And if I m clear, then profile someone else. It s emergency powers during war. There s a war going on. But what about the people who were being unfairly profiled, TMZ wondered. Simmons held nothing back in his perfect response. It is unfair. That s why the words too bad exists. BOOM. Thank you for being awesome, Mr. Simmons. Maybe when Donald Trump gets elected President he ll consider making Gene Simmons the director of Homeland Security? Ooh, and then KISS could play at all of the White House State functions! Hey, I can dream, can t I? The views expressed in this opinion article are solely those of their author and are not necessarily either shared or endorsed by EagleRising.com
Clinton: Tulsa shooting 'unbearable,' should be 'intolerable'
(CNN) Hillary Clinton's campaign manager said Wednesday that the Democratic nominee would implement a set of best practices to prevent police-involved shootings like the ones this week in Charlotte, North Carolina and Tulsa, Oklahoma. "There are two prongs to her approach," Robby Mook, Hillary for America campaign manager told CNN's Alisyn Camerota on "New Day." "The first is to have a set of national standards around how to manage the situations that doesn't exist right now and that could help through training to prevent situations like this." "There are no set of national best practices on how to manage situations," he continued. "These situations are handled by local policies currently. And what she is proposing is that we actually set up national standards so that localities have better policies to work with and train towards." Clinton spoke out Tuesday against "systematic racism" following the recent shooting of Terence Crutcher in Tulsa, Oklahoma. Crutcher was shot and killed last week after his car broke down. The 40-year-old black man raised his hands above his head just before Officer Betty Shelby fatally shot him. Crutcher was unarmed at the time. The Charlotte-Mecklenburg Police Department said Wednesday that "approximately 12 officers" were injured during protests after the fatal shooting of Keith Lamont Scott Tuesday by a police officer. Mook said the other part of Clinton's plans involves working to improve the relationship between police and minorities. "The second piece is to restore bonds between communities and law enforcement, so investing in community policing and making sure that local police have the resources to build the resources in the community to prevent something like this from happening," he said. Clinton told radio host Steve Harvey on Tuesday's "The Steve Harvey Morning Show" that she plans to speak "directly to white people" about implicit bias. Mook said Wednesday Clinton meant she would explain that different ethnic groups are often treated differently in America. "What she's saying is our entire country needs to do some real soul-searching here. It is clear that the criminal justice system is not treating everybody the same way," he said. "If you are African-American or from a minority group, you may not be being treated the same as a white person. And that's a problem." Clinton said Tuesday that while there are "good, honorable, cool-headed police officers" working across the country, "we can do better." "We have got to tackle systemic racism," Clinton said. "This horrible shooting again. How many times do we have to see this in our country?" "This is just unbearable," Clinton said. "And it needs to be intolerable." Clinton later tweeted on the shooting, writing, "Another unarmed Black man was shot in a police incident. This should be intolerable. We have so much work to do. #TerenceCrutcher -H." Another unarmed Black man was shot in a police incident. This should be intolerable. We have so much work to do. #TerenceCrutcher -H Hillary Clinton (@HillaryClinton) September 20, 2016 In response to the Crutcher shooting, both the Department of Justice and state authorities have launched investigations into the officer-involved shooting. Danny C. Williams, US Attorney of the Northern District of Oklahoma, said prosecutors will attempt to determine whether a federal civil rights violation had occurred. Authorities refused to immediately answer additional questions due to the ongoing investigation.
Conway: Trump will explain his Islamic State plan if asked
Conway: Trump will explain his Islamic State plan if asked Donald Trump will detail his plan to destroy the Islamic State during Monday night s debate against Hillary Clinton if asked, according to his campaign manager. Asked by Willie Geist during MSNBC s Morning Joe whether Trump will offer specifics beyond his broad statement that he will knock the hell out of ISIS, Trump campaign manager Kellyanne Conway replied in the affirmative. Story Continued Below He certainly has a plan. I ve heard it, Conway said. This is his debate tonight, Willie, he ll tell you if that question is asked. But there s also you know, people are just amazed that Hillary Clinton would put on her campaign website what her plan to defeat ISIS is. Is it that ISIS can t read that plan? Trump has vowed to knock the hell out of ISIS but has been mum on how he would do so, suggesting that he doesn t want to tip his hand to the terrorist network. Pressed by Geist and Mika Brzezinski on whether voters deserve to know details about his plan before they cast their votes, or at least a sense that he has any knowledge of the landscape, Conway said, Yes, and he ll be happy to offer those specifics without telling the enemy exactly what we re going to do. So just to put a button on it, we ll get the ISIS plan tonight in the debate? Geist asked. You will get his view of how best to defeat the enemy without telling ISIS particularly, specifically what it s going to be, she said. Authors:
Obama in NYC: 'We all have a role to play' in terror fight after suspected bombings
Story highlights Obams reaffirms US commitment to fighting ISIS Obama praised the response from citizens in New York and New Jersey New York (CNN) President Barack Obama worked to calm Americans' jitters Monday after a series of attempts at mass violence, suggesting that yielding to fear amounted to a win for terrorists. During two appearances in New York, Obama praised the swift work of law enforcement authorities looking into duel bomb attacks in New York and New Jersey over the weekend. And he urged Americans to follow the lead of residents here by not submitting to fear. "I think it is important to remember what terrorists and violent extremists are trying to do. They are trying to hurt innocent people, but they also want to inspire fear in all of us, and disrupt the way we live to undermine our values," Obama said. "We all have a role to play as citizens in making sure that we don't succumb to that fear. And there is no better example of that than the people of New York and New Jersey." "Folks around here, you know, they don't get scared. They are tough, they are resilient, they go about their business every single day. And that kind of toughness and resoluteness and a recognition that neither individuals nor organizations like ISIL can ultimately undermine our way of life," Obama said. "That's the kind of strength that makes me so proud to be an American." The President was speaking Monday morning from a hotel in midtown Manhattan, where he's attending his final United Nations General Assembly meeting. Two miles south, in Chelsea, investigations were still piecing together evidence following a bomb explosion in a dumpster Saturday night, which injured dozens. Read More
Obama: Refugee crisis is test of our humanity
United Nations (CNN) President Barack Obama made an impassioned plea Tuesday for countries to fulfill a moral obligation to alleviate a global refugee crisis "of epic proportions," despite a political backlash in the US against absorbing those fleeing Middle East violence. The President's interest in calling attention to the tens of millions of displaced people around the world, and pushing back against the anti-refugee tenor, was underscored by his decision to convene a Leaders' Summit on Refugees at the United Nations Tuesday. At the summit, he also rejected another aspect of the American political debate swirling around accepting foreigners -- GOP presidential nominee Donald Trump's call to build a wall along the US-Mexico border. "This crisis is a test of our common humanity. Whether we give into suspicion and fear and build walls, or whether we see ourselves in another," Obama said, though he didn't mention Trump by name. Obama singled out the situation in Syria, which has displaced 4.8 million people so far, as particularly "unacceptable." JUST WATCHED President Obama at the UN: Then and now Replay More Videos ... MUST WATCH President Obama at the UN: Then and now 01:45 "We are not as unified as we should be in pushing to make it stop," he said, describing the global refugee crisis as both a humanitarian and security challenge that tests countries' ability to take collective action. "I called this summit because this crisis is one of the most urgent tests of our time," he said. "Just as failure to act in the past -- for example, by turning away Jews fleeing Nazi Germany -- is a stain on our collective conscience, I believe history will judge us harshly if we do not rise to this moment." The refugee issue is one that's captured the world's attention more in the past two years than at perhaps any time since World War II, seared into the public's consciousness by photos like that of a 3-year-old Syrian boy who drowned in the Mediterranean and the flood of migrants into Europe. A recent study by from the UN's refugee agency estimated 65.3 million people were displaced from their homes by conflict or persecution in 2015, up by over five million from the prior year. Many are internally displaced within the borders of their own countries, but about 21.3 million are classified as refugees. Obama's summit follows a similar UN-led meeting on the issue Monday, which drew attention to the crisis but offered little in the way of binding commitments. "Make no mistake," US Secretary of State John Kerry said at the UN meeting, "additional efforts are urgently needed." Leaders also called for a more orderly and equitable system to manage refugee flows -- acknowledging the burden is shouldered disproportionally by certain regions. "You have to know that today the European Union has a clear objective to restore order on its external borders," European Council President Donald Tusk said in his remarks, signaling a growing sense that patience in Europe with the migrant flow is wearing thin. "There will be no repeat of the year 2015 with more than one and a half million irregular migrants," he added. The Obama administration is hopeful the Leader's Summit on Tuesday afternoon can build momentum for more action. National Security Advisor Susan Rice in June announced that the gathering -- co-hosted along with the US by Canada, Ethiopia, Germany, Jordan, Mexico, Sweden and the UN Secretary General -- would seek an increase in funding of at least 30%, a doubling of permanent resettlement, and expanded access to education and work rights for refugees. "Reaching these ambitious objectives will be challenging, yet the level of need demands no less," Rice said in a statement. But aid groups are skeptical the summit will prompt the kind of action they say is desperately needed. "We have to be optimistic that we'll see some real concrete commitments," said Amnesty International's Interim Executive Director Margaret Huang. "But the truth is, even if those numbers are hit, it's nowhere near what's actually needed." The US is a major contributor of humanitarian aid for countries that host large numbers of refugees -- particularly Syria's neighbors -- and plans to increase the number of refugees it will take in to America from 85,000 in 2016 to 110,000 next year. The President's chief spokesman last week conceded that even as the administration calls for greater global action, it is limited in what it can do. "The President's commitment to ensuring that the United States plays a leading role on this issue is not shared by a lot of people in Congress, including by a lot of people in the Republican majority in Congress," Press Secretary Josh Earnest told reporters. "And that has an impact in terms of the resources that are dedicated to this effort." Vetting efforts to screen refugees, he noted, "are not cheap." David Miliband, president of the International Rescue Committee and a former British Foreign Secretary, said he's hopeful but waiting to see whether any agreements are backed up with action. "The scale of the global refugee problem demands an appropriate scale of response," Miliband told CNN. "Governments around the world haven't, in the main, been responding with the right degree of compassion or competence up to now." But the co-hosts of the Leaders' Summit said in a statement they were pleased with "new and significant humanitarian contributions" from world leaders. "We sought a $3 billion increase in global humanitarian financing and commitments to maintain funding in future years," they said. "Through our mutual efforts, over the course of 2016, the 32 donors participating today have contributed this year roughly 4.5 billion additional dollars to UN appeals and international humanitarian organizations than in 2015." As they await action from world leaders in New York, a group of volunteers in London laid out a "life jacket graveyard" Monday to draw attention to the plight of thousands of migrants who've lost their lives attempting hazardous boat crossings in the Mediterranean. The conflict in Syria and resulting migrant crisis in the Middle East and Europe have dominated headlines over the past 18 months, but refugees are a global problem. Perhaps nowhere are they more prevalent than in the so-called "global south" -- the developing countries of the southern hemisphere. Last week, South Sudan joined the ranks of Syria, Afghanistan, and Somalia -- countries with over 1 million of their citizens living as refugees abroad. And protracted conflict in places like Somalia have led to a generation of lifelong refugees -- men and women in their twenties who've never known life outside of a camp. "These are not people who can envision what life would be like if they were returned to their home countries," Huang said.
Trump labels Clinton 'weak and ineffective' in wake of bombings
Story highlights Donald Trump criticized Hillary Clinton for her approach to national security issues It's a recurring theme of his campaign Estero, Florida (CNN) Donald Trump, speaking two days after the latest terrorist attack on US soil, sought to paint his rival Hillary Clinton as a "weak and ineffective" leader not prepared to confront the threat of radical Islamic terrorism, as he talked up his radical policy prescriptions. The Republican presidential nominee, addressing more than 8,000 people at his first rally since the bomb attacks in New York and New Jersey, talked up his hardline immigration policies, argued domestic terror suspects, even US citizens, should be tried as "foreign enemy combatants" -- rather than receive due process under US law. He also slammed Clinton for what he said was being tougher on his supporters than on Islamist terrorism. "Hillary Clinton talks tougher about my supporters than she does about radical Islamic terrorists," Trump said, pointing to Clinton's comments that half his supporters belong in a "basket of deplorables." "Has she ever talked that way about radical Islam? No," Trump said. "Are those words reserved only for hard-working Americans who truly love our country and they want to make a statement? One can be forgiven for getting the impression that these hardworking Americans are somehow a greater threat to our country than these Islamic extremists." Read More
In Defense of He Said/She Said Journalism
Getty Images Fourth Estate In Defense of He Said/She Said Journalism Why we must give the devil his due. The he said/she said method of reporting in which journalists observe the profession s convention and get at least two sides of every story has been taking it on the chin ever since New York University journalism professor Jay Rosen placed it in his gunsights in 2009 and started ack-acking it with regularity. But the "he said/she said" debate didn t move from the margins to the mainstream until last week when the New York Times abandoned mechanical balance and published a Page One, above-the-fold piece by Michael Barbaro, shredding Donald Trump as a pitiful serial liar and obfuscator for his latest birther declaration. The Times piece elated critics of the "he said/she" said construct. In an Atlantic piece titled The Death of He Said, She Said Journalism, Peter Beinart pronounced Barbaro s work a journalistic sea change. Trump had broken all the rules of political conduct, Beinart stated, and the Times had rightly ditched a few of its own. Abandoning the usual journalistic etiquette, which calls for mendacious politicians to be described as committing a falsehood when what they re actually doing is lying, the Times piece dealt with Trump with astonishing bluntness, Beinart wrote, repeatedly calling Trump s birther nonsense a lie. Trump was given no opportunity in the piece to deny the charges, which sits just fine with the "he said/she said" critics. Story Continued Below While I consider Trump to be a first-rate liar and don t mind saying so, I m not convinced that jettisoning the "he said/she said" blueprint is such a good idea. Every politician lies. If we were to police all politicians in the news pages the way Barbaro did Trump, it would be entertaining. But political journalism as we know it could expire as profiles and news stories collapsed into spreadsheets grading the truth value of political utterances. Isn t that what the fact-checker columns are for? In his widely applauded critiques of "he said/she said" journalism, Rosen holds that by reflexively seeking the other side of every public dispute and shying away from expressing the truth, the media creates a bogus symmetry between the he said voices in a story and the prevaricators serving up the she said dissent. Do users really want to be left helpless in sorting out who s faking it more? Rosen asked, proposing that journalists put a higher premium on seeking truth and avoiding distortion. The "he said/she said" structure constitutes one of the lowest forms of journalism in existence, he would later remark. Donald Trump, the thinking goes, has gamed the "he said/she said" convention to contaminate the political debate with his lies, obfuscations and double-talk whenever the press seeks comment on an issue, a clarification of something he s said, or a response to a point raised by his opponent, Hillary Clinton. This is true. In speeches and interviews, he s expressed a broadband stream of lies, such as denying that he s used terms like fat pig to describe women, insisting that he never called George W. Bush a liar, claiming that he opposed the Iraq War, making fallacious boasts about his acts of philanthropy, asserting that the NFL had contacted him about the debate schedule, and more, much more. But they are lies, all lies. And every time the media quotes one of Trump s she said lies without a correcting fact-check, it undermines the truth of the he said side of the debate. At least, so the thinking goes. But has journalists' practice of giving Trump the right of reply, allowing him to pearl his lies with another coating of deceit really been such a disaster? One result of the straight, "he said/she said" coverage of the Trump style has been his record lows in the Washington Post/ABC News favorability poll. Thanks to this coverage, many voters are able to see through Trump s post-truth style of politics and don t need the news pages directly calling him a lying liar who lies every time he speaks. Among his supporters, many don t care that he mangles the facts and others take secret glee in the trickster s campaign he s waging for the presidency: He s serving baloney and his supporters can t get enough of it. As bracing and as full of truth-telling as the Barbaro piece was, I hope it doesn t embolden other news pages to abandon convention. The formula, when properly executed, forces reporters to perform due diligence in their articles. The form is even more useful for skeptical show me readers, who want those extra bits of evidence to help them make up their mind about a candidate or an issue. This, I realize, can be especially challenging with Trump because the Mouth of Manhattan has made a career of taking both sides on nearly everything. He is the hermaphrodite of opinion makers both "he said and she said" and, like any good circus freak, that makes him too exceptional to build rules from. One reason I admire "he said/she said" journalism is that I often find myself sympathizing with the "she-said" side of the equation, and its presence assures me that the reporter is conducting something approximating an open inquiry. Whenever the "she-said" component of a story goes missing, leaving only the dominant position expressed, I get the feeling I m being fed bunk. Even the Holy Bible gives Satan a forum for his dastardly views. So why not news stories? I don t believe a story must balance out like a chemistry equation until both sides (or multiple sides) hover in the ether in perfect equilibrium. But intellectual history informs us that the dominant positions in any field ruling paradigms, if you don t mind the language have a tendency to erode over time when exposed to minority critiques. In order for thought to progress, the minority report however seemingly misguided must be heard. The history of science is pockmarked with paradigms that were blown away by she-saiders. Early in the last century, for example, the scientific and cultural elites espoused the misguided philosophy of eugenics, which held that feeblemindedness was directly inheritable and that forced sterilization, institutionalization or lobotomization for these lessers was right and just. To oppose eugenics was to place yourself outside the established consensus, to define yourself as a crackpot, to be reduced to a "she-said" if you were lucky enough to get quoted in a news story. Today, we think of the eugenicists as troglodytes. Or consider the story of Alfred Wegener. He 1912, he proposed his plate tectonic theory much to the derision of the scientific establishment who laughed at the idea of continental drift. Not until the 1960s did his ideas gain proper respect, and his critics take his place as geology s crackpots. Or take the example of Australian doctor Barry Marshall, who conjectured in the early 1980s that bacteria and not stress was the cause of ulcers, a condition that afflicted up to 10 percent of all adults. Even after Marshall induced an ulcer in his own stomach by drinking a potion containing Helicobacter pylori he was still derided and marginalized by the establishment. You think, It s science; it s got to be accepted, Marshall told Discover magazine. But it s not an absolute given. By the mid-1990s, the idea finally took root, undermining the business model of thousands of gastroenterologists who treated and retreated the affliction with ineffective drugs and surgery. In 2005, Marshall and a colleague were awarded the Nobel Prize in medicine for their Helicobacter pylori work. Science abounds with equally dramatic stories. Obviously, the critiques of every she-saider don t automatically end in the triumphs Wegener and Marshall enjoyed. But when you catalog the ruling paradigms in science and technology that have been toppled in recent years, the toppler was almost always marginalized in the early going. Fracking has all but destroyed the peak oil hypothesis. The one-size, fits all advice on mammograms has been abandoned. Our views on saturated fat, once almost holy writ, have been chucked. Until 1973, the American Psychiatric Association classified homosexuality as a mental disorder. (All is not progress: Some now argue that homophobia is an indicator of a disorder.) Marijuana makes you mad. (Today, the equally suspicious paradigm is that marijuana is good for whatever ails you.) Coffee, once thought to be bad for you, turns out to be good for you, at least for now. Moving over to the policy realm, the once dominant super-predator thesis was once supported across partisan lines. It is now discredited. Remember how Japan s economy was supposed to overtake the United States ? Remember how Federal Reserve Board Chairman Alan Greenspan said the U.S. economic system was stable? Experts predicted wild inflation after quantitative easing. Others posited that housing prices would never decline nationwide. And so on. The dissents of the she-saiders are generally beneficial. Whether right or wrong, the dissenters have a way of increasing everybody s knowledge. If they are wrong, as Michael Shermer has written, their untruths force the dominant paradigm to self-examine, and if warranted, use new evidence to improve its position. If the she-saiders are right, they advance human thought. That s how science works, and I believe journalism should work that way, too. Vaccine pioneer Jonas Salk summarized the predictable moves of the knee-jerk paradigm-defenders with this progression. First, Salk writes, they say that it can t be true. Second phase: Well, if it s true, it s not very important. Third phase: Well, we ve known it all along. Before anybody puts words in my mouth, this is not my long-winded way of saying I don t subscribe to the global warming hypothesis. I do but at the same time, I keep my options open. The protectors of the ruling paradigm have an intellectual responsibility to mount disciplined defense against all comers. Even against crackpots. The last and best reason for supporting he said/she said journalism: So many readers and viewers have self-segregated by limiting their news consumption to outlets that reflect their personal views. These days, many readers get only the "he said" side of the story or just the "she said" side, remaining deliberately oblivious to the vibrant debate that might actually be going on. While I value partisan media, I also value nonpartisan news operations like POLITICO that make ideas duel in their news pages. NPR News Director Michael Oreskes puts this practical spin on why his organization shies away from calling liars liars: [I]f you present the facts calmly and without a tone of editorializing, you substantially increase the chance that people will hear you out and weigh the facts. That is why the tone of journalism matters so much. We need potential listeners and readers to believe we are presenting the facts honestly, and not to confirm our opinions. If you re not getting a steady diet of "she said" quotations in your news consumption, you re at risk of starving to death. "He said/she said" keeps journalists honest, even if, on occasion, it looks like it s only accruing to the benefit of a beast like Donald Trump. ****** A sumptuous meal of news, news, news. Make mine extra rare, garcon. Send news recipes via email to Shafer.Politico@gmail.com. My email alerts are breakfast. My Twitter feed is lunch. And my RSS feed is a stingy snack. Jack Shafer is Politico s senior media writer.
Inmate Dead From Alleged Mistreatment In Jail Run By Infamous Pro-Trump Sheriff
Milwaukee Sheriff David A. Clarke Jr. has been a fixture on Fox News in recent months, appearing on multiple programs on that network to attack the Black Lives Matter movement, which he has compared several times to international terrorists. Clarke has also been an outspoken supporter of Republican presidential nominee Donald Trump, and is often one of the first names Trump backers bring up when attempting to highlight support for the candidate among black voters. Clarke spoke in support of Trump at the Republican National Convention in Cleveland this past summer. But while he was busy on the cable network attacking the black community, a man died in the jail under his command. He reportedly died of thirst, of all things. Terrill Thomas, 38, was found dead in a Milwaukee County Jail cell on April 24, nine days after being arrested in connection with a shooting. Other inmates heard Thomas beg for water in the days before he died, the Journal Sentinel reported in July. [ ] Last week the Milwaukee County medical examiner announced that Thomas death was due to profound dehydration, according to the Journal Sentinel. By labeling the death a homicide, the medical examiner indicated that it was caused by the actions of another person, although that judgment does not necessarily mean that anyone will be criminally prosecuted in the case. Inmates at the jail say the water in Thomas jail cell had been cut off for 6 days, and that one inmate warned jailers about the danger to the man s life. Attorney Erik J. Heipt told the site that he has received calls from other inmates to tell him that the water had been cut off to their cells, and another inmate died in 2011 when his water was cut off as well. Clarke is reportedly part of a pro-Trump bus tour arranged by a super PAC that is supporting the candidate. The Huffington Post also reports that Clarke took in over $150,000 in 2015 from speaking fees, travel reimbursements and gifts. Featured image via Flickr
Debate Commission STUNS Journalists By Siding With Trump: Fact Checking Is Out Of Bounds (VIDEO)
16505 SHARES SHARES FacebookTwitter GooglePinterestDiggLinkedin Reddit Stumbleupon PrintDeliciousPocketTumblr Former Senator Daniel Patrick Moynihan once said Everyone is entitled to his own opinion, but not his own facts. To which the head of the Commission on Presidential Debates has officially responded: Says who? In a stunning interview with CNN s Reliable Sources, Janet Brown gave a baffling explanation for why she believes fact checking should be taken off the table at presidential debates. I think personally if you start getting into fact checking, I m not sure. What is a big fact? What is a little fact? And if you and I have different sources of information does your source about the unemployment rate agree with my source? I don t think it s a good idea to get the moderator into essentially serving as the Encyclopedia Britannica. Head of Commission on Presidential Debates doesn t want moderators correcting lies because what is a big fact, what is a little fact? #cnn pic.twitter.com/krm5FeV9aW John Aravosis (@aravosis) September 25, 2016 The statement was exactly what the Trump campaign had been demanding for weeks and was ecstatic to hear. Going into Monday s crucial first presidential debate, the Republican candidate understood that the most dangerous hurdle he had to get around was if the moderator called him on his lies. Trump, who has dismissed preparing for the debate out of hand, lies a lot. That s his strength. He needs it to win. Politico recently analyzed Trump s last five days on the campaign trail and found that Donald Trump lies at a rate of once every 3 minutes and 15 seconds. Trump s misrepresentations range from false pronouncements (he again wrongly said he opposed the war in Iraq before it began) to the petty (he insisted Clinton had copied him by holding rallies with her plane in the background and insinuated she was sleeping when she held no public events). He contradicted his own policy on providing health care to the poor, overstated the ad-spending discrepancy between his campaign and Clinton s and exaggerated the size of his primary victories and polling leads. (For what it s worth, they also fact-checked Clinton and found that while she, like any politician, does fudge the truth occasionally, Trump s lying so greatly exceed[s] Clinton s as to make the comparison almost ludicrous. Ouch.) And while Debate Commissioner Brown used an intentionally vague example ( unemployment rate ), there is no indication that Trump will reserve lies to things so nuanced. One example that might come up: Donald Trump continues to insist that the crime rate in America is going through the roof. This is a blatant lie that is exposed by just quick glance at the FBI s crime statistics. The debate moderator doesn t need to serve as the Encyclopedia Britannica, he or she just needs to know the basic facts. Big and small. And not let Trump get away with misleading the American people who are tuning in. Journalists, whose job it is to deal in facts, are furious with this caving to Trump. If reporters aren't supposed to factcheck at debates, why exactly are reporters moderators to begin with? Why not just have an actor do it? Sopan Deb (@SopanDeb) September 25, 2016 Debate Commission director seems to think there are no facts, just different sources to support any claim. That helps elect President Trump. Mr Media Training (@MrMediaTraining) September 25, 2016 What is the point of a debate moderator other than fact checking? Why is this even a discussion? Dan Pfeiffer (@danpfeiffer) September 25, 2016 Meanwhile, Trump s supporters are actively celebrating. They, just like their candidate, understand that the only path to victory for Trump is if he can get Americans to believe his lies. @AJDelgado13 Here is a crazy idea ..let the voters at home fact check. Let social media fact check. Candy taught us this. Judson McCulloch (@JudsonMcCulloch) September 25, 2016 Hint: If you find yourself in a political party that s major talking point leading up to a debate is that your candidate should be allowed to lie on stage, you might want to consider finding a new political party. Featured image via CNN Like this: Like Loading... Related
Trump camp: Donald Trump is guilty of answering the question asked
Kellyanne Conway praised Donald Trump for showing restraint at the debate. | AP Photo Trump camp: Donald Trump is guilty of answering the question asked Donald Trump s campaign manager Kellyanne Conway praised her candidate for showing restraint at the tail end of Monday night s debate when Hillary Clinton attacked his history of disrespectful and derogatory remarks about women. I have to say, certainly as a woman, I appreciated the restraint at the end. I am not sure I would have been able to exercise it myself, but restraint is a virtue and it s a presidential virtue, Conway told MSNBC s Morning Joe Tuesday. To tell Hillary Clinton after she accused him of being terrible with women, to tell Hillary Clinton I was prepared to go rough tonight and I am not going to do it because your husband and daughter are here. That is going to grow in importance in the next couple of days in a moment of great temperance and restraint. Story Continued Below With just minutes left in Monday night s debate, Clinton managed to work in a line of attack against Trump that she has also used most-recently in a new campaign ad, hitting the Manhattan billionaire as a man who has called women pigs, slobs and dogs. After the debate, Trump told CNN that I was going to say something extremely rough to Hillary, to her family, and I said to myself, I can't do it, indicating that he was uncomfortable leveling such an attack with Clinton s husband and daughter in the audience. Tuesday morning, Conway was happy to fill in the blanks for viewers wondering what exactly Trump s attack might have been. I think he could have said what was on millions of Americans minds, no doubt, that are we going to relitigate who s been good to women and who hasn't? Conway said. They re taking a couple comments he made over any number of years as a private citizen, versus where he could have gone, and I think we all can finish the sentence. People did last night, they finished the sentence, they said, you know, maybe he was going to talk about Bill Clinton's record with women, but he decided not to. Overall, Conway said Clinton failed to deliver a knockout punch that would have forced Trump into a major error. Instead, Trump s campaign manager said the former secretary of state came off as rehearsed and determined to squeeze her talking points into the conversation, regardless of how pertinent they were to the questions of moderator Lester Holt. Donald Trump is guilty of answering the question asked, and I thought Hillary Clinton last night wanted to make sure that no matter what was asked and what was answered, she was going to repeat back to us everything that she had learned in the last week or two weeks, and that s fine, Conway said. I don't think Hillary Clinton did a thing last night. If somebody can correct me, what was the big takeaway moment where she offers this huge vision for economic growth and an end to wage stagnation, she added. So I didn't hear any big moment for her where she convinced the 70 percent of Americans who want change, who want a different direction, that she's their gal. Authors:
France becomes the first country to ban plastic plates and cutlery
Plastic glasses, knives, forks and food boxes are being been banned in France. (Bertrand Combaldieu/Associated Press) PARIS France has apparently become the first country in the world to ban plastic plates, cups and utensils, passing a law that will go into effect in 2020. Exceptions will be allowed for items made of compostable, biosourced materials. The new law is a part of the country s Energy Transition for Green Growth Act, the same legislation that also outlawed plastic bags in grocery stores and markets beginning in July. Although plastic bags are forbidden in other countries including in some U.S. states no country seems to have embraced a plastic ban as sweeping as France s will be. The general idea behind the law following the landmark conference held in Paris last fall on curbing global warming is to promote a circular economy of waste disposal, from product design to recycling, French lawmakers say. [A Maryland county s nickel tax for plastic bags is paying off, but not as planned] Objections to plastic as a material are well known. For one, it does not biodegrade and only breaks down into smaller and smaller particles, which pose a significant danger for wildlife that cannot always distinguish it from food sources, particularly in oceans. Aside from ecosystem disruptions, millions of barrels of oil are used every year in manufacturing plastic bags and utensils, playing what environmental activists call a significant role in climate change. In the words of French President Fran ois Hollande, the ban is part of a larger push intended to make France an exemplary nation in terms of reducing greenhouse gas emissions, diversifying its energy model and increasing the deployment of renewable energy sources -- starting, it would seem, with the forks and knives distributed at fast-food restaurants and the coffee cups in vending machines. Not all share the enthusiasm of France s Socialist government, which has made environmental progress one of its main goals. In Brussels, some argue that the laws violate existing European Union legislation regarding the free movement of goods and the protection of manufacturers. Eamonn Bates, the secretary general of Pack2Go Europe, a Brussels-based association that represents packaging manufacturers on the continent, told the Associated Press that his organization will challenge France s ban. We are urging the European Commission to do the right thing and to take legal action against France for infringing European law, he said. If they don t, we will. Supporters of the ban wanted it to be introduced earlier, possibly as soon as 2017. But S gol ne Royal, the French environment minister, had initially considered it an anti-social provision, on the grounds that low-income families relied on plastic utensils and plates. The ban was then postponed until 2020.
Paul Ryan ducks on stop-and-frisk
Story highlights Ryan called for calm in Charlotte, but would not comment on Trump's "stop and frisk" proposals Earlier this week Ryan said he wanted Congress to complete work on a criminal justice reform bill Washington (CNN) House Speaker Paul Ryan ducked Thursday on whether he supports the "stop and frisk" policy pushed by Donald Trump. "I don't have an answer for you because it's not something that I've familiarized myself with -- the constitutionality of it, its efficacy, whether (it) worked well in New York City or not," Ryan said after being pressed twice by reporters on the policy the GOP nominee wants to revive, despite court rulings finding it unconstitutional. Ryan called for calm following the shooting in Charlotte, saying about the unrest in the city overnight, "these images are just so heartbreaking and they are upsetting." "The loss of any life is a tragedy. The response to that though cannot be more violence. As leaders, it is responsibility to promote calm, peace and dialogue. We cannot allow our nation to be divided up along racial lines and so I hope leaders can come together to find solutions," Ryan said. Read More
Charlotte Police REVEAL What They Said To Black Man Just Moments Before Shooting
Charlotte Police REVEAL What They Said To Black Man Just Moments Before Shooting There has been a lot of speculation and anger surrounding the shooting of a black man by Charlotte police. Such anger, in fact, has bred more riots in North Carolina, which led to looting, theft of private property and the shutdown of I-85. But all we re being told is the side of things where the man was an innocent little cupcake on his way to volunteer at a soup kitchen before he read stories to blind, homeless children and donated all of his paycheck to the local animal shelter. What is the story coming from the police officers involved in the shooting? Does anyone care? Does it even matter what the cops say happened? The riots have already started and the hatred is already coursing through the veins of people who are just looking for a reason to take to the streets, so will this change anything? To those of us who actually uses our brains in these situations, it could make all the difference. 101 Things All Young Adults Should Know by Sir John Hawkins John Hawkins's book 101 Things All Young Adults Should Know is filled with lessons that newly minted adults need in order to get the most out of life. Gleaned from a lifetime of trial, error, and writing it down, Hawkins provides advice everyone can benefit from in short, digestible chapters. Buy Now The Blaze posted the statement of the Charlotte-Mecklenburg Police Chief on the incident. Charlotte-Mecklenburg Police Chief Kerr Putney said during a news conference Wednesday morning that officers were searching for a suspect Tuesday when they saw 43-year-old Keith Lamont Scott exit a vehicle with a handgun. He says the officers told him to drop the gun and that he got out of the vehicle a second time still carrying the gun. He says the man was shot because he posed a threat. It s time to change the narrative, because I can tell you from the facts that the story s a little bit different as to how it s been portrayed so far, especially through social media, he said. As an officer, you re hearing about your brothers and sisters in blue being shot by thugs who have a chip on their shoulder. You hear this and then you see a man get out of his vehicle with a firearm. You tell him to put the gun down, and he refuses. Are you supposed to wait until he shoots first? If a man breaks into your house, are you supposed to wait until he actually harms you before you protect yourself? How does that even make sense? Oh that s right, it doesn t. Of course, that doesn t stop progressives from declaring that they know exactly how things should be happening. You know, with their degrees in women s studies and art history, they re clearly the most qualified people to be criticizing the actions of our law enforcement.
Kaine visits site of Orlando mass shooting
Tim Kaine visits the Pulse night club in Orlando Monday evening. | Burgess Everett/POLITICO Kaine visits site of Orlando mass shooting ORLANDO -- Tim Kaine visited the Pulse night club here on Monday evening, the site where gunman Omar Mateen killed 49 people in June. The Virginia senator laid flowers at a memorial surrounding the club. He attended alongside former Rep. Gabby Giffords (D-Ariz.), who was injured in a mass shooting in 2011, as well as Giffords's husband astronaut Mark Kelly and Sen. Bill Nelson (D-Fla.). Story Continued Below "The thing that's painful about this: this is a weird thing to say but I always hoped that Virginia Tech would be the worst one ever," Kaine told reporters after a quiet, 10-minute visit to the site. "As bad as that was, I hoped nothing would ever eclipse it. But such is life. We got work to do." Kaine was Virginia's governor in 2007, when a shooter killed 32 people at the university. Later Monday, Kaine, Giffords and Kelly are scheduled to attend a presidential debate watch party with LGBT activists here in Orlando. Kaine's running mate, Hillary Clinton, visited Pulse in July. Authors:
Obama weighs in on the debate
Obama weighs in on the debate President Barack Obama hasn't changed his assessment of Donald Trump after Monday night's debate: The GOP nominee, he said on Tuesday, lacks the preparation and temperament for the presidency and can't be trusted to address serious threats like nuclear weapons and climate change. The president unloaded on Trump during an interview with Ryan Seacrest in the wake of Trump's showdown with Hillary Clinton, which he watched from the Treaty Room of the White House. Story Continued Below Obama touted Clinton s performance and her qualifications for the presidency, saying she s serious and does her homework. And he blasted Trump for not having the preparations and the temperament or the core values of inclusion and making everybody, you know, have opportunities that would take our country forward. The president said his two biggest concerns for his daughters generation are the spread of nuclear weapons and the onset of climate change adding that Trump falls short on both. "I get worried when I hear somebody like Donald Trump start saying, 'Well, I don't necessarily know whether Japan or Korea should be protected by us. Maybe they should get their own nuclear weapons.' That shows somebody who doesn't pay attention to these issues, and you don't necessarily want close to the nuclear button, Obama said. (Trump objected to a similar characterization of his views on East Asia during Monday's debate, saying it was "wrong.") Obama also took a shot at Trump for suggesting, in a November 2012 tweet, that climate change is a hoax created by China. The concept of global warming was created by and for the Chinese in order to make U.S. manufacturing non-competitive. Donald J. Trump (@realDonaldTrump) November 6, 2012 "When you hear somebody like Trump say he thinks this is a plot by the Chinese, that this is a fraud and a hoax, when 99 percent of scientists are saying you've got to do something about it," Obama said, "that worries me." Kellyanne Conway, Trump's campaign manager, said in a TV interview on Tuesday that he believes climate change is "naturally occurring." Authors:
How Trump Is Hiding From The Media Like A Total Coward
Donald Trump has a reputation in the media for being open and accessible to interview requests. He is known for a willingness to spout off to whoever sticks a microphone in front of his face, and it has helped him get this far as a political candidate. But lately, as Trump has hired new handlers and other assorted campaign personnel, he has also been in something of a retreat. That is, Trump is only talking to Fox News right now. Trump is saying yes to Fox News almost every day but saying no to most other major networks and news organizations a highly unusual strategy for a presidential nominee. He called into Fox & Friends on Monday morning, he is booked on The O Reilly Factor Monday night, and he has another town hall with Sean Hannity coming up on Wednesday. Rousing the base instead of reaching out to undecided voters may ultimately pay off for Trump. If nothing else, it limits the candidate s exposure to hard-hitting questions while fueling frustration among journalists. At Fox News, Trump can avoid pesky follow-up questions about his support for the racist birther conspiracy, long after he claims to have dropped it. Fox News hosts won t ask him why he reacts to possible terrorism by screaming about how he was right, rather than express condolences for the victims and support for law enforcement. At Fox News, Trump isn t challenged and that s the way he wants it. The problem is, wrapping up in the Fox News cocoon may feel good for the time being, but the way to win an election is to appeal to audiences outside of your base of comfort. Trump isn t reaching out. It is a strategy that shows up elsewhere in his campaign, where instead of following the model of successful politicians like George W. Bush and President Obama by holding campaign rallies in swing districts hoping to persuade voters, Trump has rallies with the converted. On election day in 2012, Fox News viewers were shocked to find the Romney landslide the network had kept promoting was a harsh reality. They may be setting themselves up for a major failure. Featured image via Flickr
Why Aren t I 50 Points Ahead? Eagle Rising
Liberals in the media and the political arena thought that Hillary Clinton s victory was in the bag. The rest of the campaign was a mere formality in order for her to make the White House her residence once again. Her campaign s plan was to lay low, out of the spotlight, make little to no contact with the press, and just let Donald Trump do all the talking and hopefully keep his foot in his mouth to draw all the media attention. But now that the post-DNC honeymoon is over, they have to come back to reality and see that the election isn t over, and that they had grossly underestimated Donald Trump and his campaign. Add to that Hillary s frequent, inconvenient health episodes, and now even some Democrats are talking about a Plan B. For the past few weeks, the poll numbers have closed in, with Donald Trump taking the lead in several key battleground states. Now, even Hillary is asking why she isn t 50 points ahead of Trump? At a campaign event in Las Vegas, Hillary video conferenced in to address the Labor International Union of North America. While she was talking about investing in infrastructure, raising the minimum wage, and collective bargaining, she raised the question: Having said all this, Why aren t I 50 points ahead? you might ask? Well, the choice for working families has never been clearer. I need your help to get Donald Trump s record out to everybody. Nobody should be fooled. At another point in her speech, she encouraged her supporters to stage an intervention if they know anyone who supports Trump. If you do know somebody who might be voting for Trump, stage an intervention, she said. Try to talk some sense into them. Lay out the facts. The facts are on our side, about what I ve done versus what he s done. Remember, friends don t let friends vote for Trump. The views expressed in this opinion article are solely those of their author and are not necessarily either shared or endorsed by EagleRising.com
Bobby Knight: Nobody can 'correct mistakes' like Trump
Bobby Knight: Nobody can 'correct mistakes' like Trump Over the course of his 75 years on and off the basketball court, Bobby Knight said Wednesday that he has never met anyone who can fix mistakes quite like Donald Trump. "There s nobody that I ve met in my lifetime that has a better grasp of how to correct mistakes and how to look at what s wrong and how to correct what s wrong and how to get it going right," Knight told an audience in Toledo, Ohio, his home state. "And I think that is the most important thing that can be brought to the next president of the United States. And there s nobody who has a better background in correcting things that are going wrong and getting things going in the right direction and developing those things the best person ever has been Donald Trump." Story Continued Below Back on the campaign trail with Trump after several months, Knight extolled the Republican nominee as "not just an American; he s a world figure." "He s known all over the world. Donald Trump put a lot of businesses together," the coach continued. "United States around the world. A lot of businesses. Created a lot of jobs, thousands of jobs for people around the world." And Trump, Knight later indicated, is the person for the White House. "Believe me when I tell you, I think you re all gonna agree on this: Our next president is gonna inherit a hell of a lot of problems, and it s gonna take a problem solver to get us back where we want to be and where we should be, and there is no one that even comes close to being smart, tough and dedicated completely to the United States of America," Knight said. He noted that the next president would have to deal with the national debt, "immigration problems and on and on." Remarking on his study of history, Knight said that he had come to the conclusion that "when I need somebody on my side to help us with problems, he's the first man I want to choose and the first man I want to see." Knight, clad in a red, white and blue gingham shirt, acknowledged to the crowd that he doesn't "dress as well as politicians dress, but I want you to know, and it s for all of you folks, I wore my red, white and blue shirt today." "And I think that when you leave, I hope you all go out and buy a red, white and blue shirt, because it s indicative of your love for the greatest country in the world, the United States," Knight said. Authors:
BREAKING: Pipe Bombs Found in New Jersey Train Station
BREAKING: Pipe Bombs Found in New Jersey Train Station First a pipe bomb exploded on the Jersey Shore, then New York was next. Now, pipe bombs have been found in a New Jersey train station. According to the New York Daily News, authorities discovered three pipe bombs and two smaller devices at a train station in Elizabeth. NEW JERSEY: Elizabeth Mayor says a bag with wires and pipes was found in a trash can near NJT Station, FBI on scene. KolHaolam (@KolHaolam) September 19, 2016 Since all of these bombs have been found in a relatively small area, it seems likely that a small team or even a single individual is behind it. Although Islamic terrorism would seem to be the most likely explanation, there have been mad bombers who ve done this sort of thing before (See Ted Kaczynski & George Metesky). 101 Things All Young Adults Should Know by Sir John Hawkins John Hawkins's book 101 Things All Young Adults Should Know is filled with lessons that newly minted adults need in order to get the most out of life. Gleaned from a lifetime of trial, error, and writing it down, Hawkins provides advice everyone can benefit from in short, digestible chapters. Buy Now Is their motive simply to cause terror? Are they trying to create mass casualties, but failing to do so? We don t know yet. However, the FBI has arrested 5 people they believe may be connected to the Chelsea bombing investigation. That being said, none of these people have been charged, which could mean they re collecting evidence or alternately, these people may end up having nothing to do with the case. Goodnight! Stay safe #NewYork & #NewJersey Verrazano Traffic Stop Part of NYC Bomb Investigation: FBIhttps://t.co/vFaerCuZJM CheleBelle (@NYMichele) September 19, 2016 As always in the immediate aftermath of a situation like this, details are sketchy. Keep tuned to Right Wing News and we ll bring you more information as it becomes available.
Hillary Clinton on Between Two Ferns: 'I really regret doing this'
Story highlights The interview is part of the Clinton campaign's attempt to show a funnier, softer side President Barack Obama also sat down with Zach Galifianakis to tout the Affordable Care Act (CNN) Hillary Clinton sat down for an interview with the irreverent Zach Galifianakis and almost immediately -- albeit jokingly -- regretted it. Clinton sat down with the comedian on September 9, the day her doctor diagnosed her with pneumonia. Clinton, who was introduced as "Had Pneumonia" at the start of the video , plays along with Galifianakis' off-color humor and shows a bit of comedy herself. "When you see how well it works for Donald Trump, do you think to yourself, oh maybe I should be more racist," the comedian asks Clinton, who just shakes her head and laughs. Galifianakis also knocks Clinton for going to Trump's 2005 wedding to Melania Trump. "When you went to Donald Trump's wedding, did he write his own vows? And did Michelle Obama write Melania's," the comedian says, a joke about how Trump's wife plagiarized the first lady in her speech to the Republican National Convention. Read More
Magistrate won't order federal arraignment for bombing suspect
Under the Radar Blog Archives Select Date July, 2017 June, 2017 May, 2017 April, 2017 March, 2017 February, 2017 January, 2017 December, 2016 November, 2016 October, 2016 September, 2016 August, 2016 Magistrate won't order federal arraignment for bombing suspect A federal magistrate has turned down a request from defense lawyers that the man accused of the weekend bombings in New York and New Jersey be immediately arraigned on a set of federal charges he is facing. Manhattan-based U.S. Magistrate Judge Gabriel Gorenstein agreed with federal prosecutors that suspect Ahmad Rahami need not have an initial federal court appearance until he is taken into federal custody. And, by all appearances, he's currently in the custody of local officials in New Jersey, the magistrate said. "The [federal] Government explicitly denies that it has arrested the defendant. There is no evidence to the contrary," Gorenstein wrote in a two-page order released Wednesday evening. Gorenstein noted that defense lawyers said "it is undisputed that federal law enforcement are involved in detaining and questioning" Rahami. "In fact, this question is very much in dispute," the magistrate wrote. "The Government asserts unequivocally that the defendant 'is not in federal custody ... Whether there are federal authorities questioning defendant does not address the issue of custody. At this point, the Court has no evidence whatsoever from anyone with personal knowledge that the defendant is being detained by any federal officer." The magistrate also rejected defense lawyers' claims that a federal court rule requires Rahami be promptly arraigned on the federal charges even if he is arrested by state authorities. Gorenstein not only declined to schedule a court appearance for Rahami, who's at a Newark hospital and could have been arraigned there, but said he lacks authority to appoint the court's indigent defense providers at the Federal Defenders of New York to formally represent Rahami. Attorney General Loretta Lynch said Wednesday morning that Rahami will be brought to New York City in the "near future" to face the federal complaint there, which is expected to take precedence over attempted murder charges filed in county court in New Jersey and another federal complaint in the Garden State. A spokesman for U.S. Attorney Preet Bharara s office declined to comment on the decision, saying the ruling could speak for itself. The defense attorney who asked for the arraignment, James Patton, did not immediately respond to a request for comment on the magistrate s decision. Josh Gerstein is a senior reporter for POLITICO.
US: ISIS did not use mustard agent in base attack
Story highlights A final lab test of ISIS weapon fired on US troops tested negative for mustard agent US forces were fired on last week by ISIS, initial tests showed a chemical weapon was used Washington (CNN) The American-led military coalition against ISIS said Tuesday that a final laboratory test of the weapon ISIS fired at a US-Iraqi base in northern Iraq last week did not contain a mustard agent as earlier believed. Col. John Dorrian, a spokesperson for the anti-ISIS coalition, tweeted that "definitive" lab results show the munitions that hit Qayyara air base on September 20 was not a chemical weapon. Definitive lab tests conclude: No mustard agent present in munitions fired at Qayyarah West AB Sept 20. #Daesh #ISIL OIR Spokesman (@OIRSpox) September 27, 2016 Initial field tests of what has been described as either a rocket or artillery shell did indeed test positive for the chemical weapon and US personnel were required to undergo decontamination. Last week, the Chairman of the Joint Chiefs of Staff, Gen. Joseph Dunford, told the Senate Armed Services Committee that "we assess it to be a sulfur mustard blister agent" when asked about the attack. Military officials had told CNN that a second test of the weapon had produced negative results while a third lab test was inconclusive. The most recent test announced by Dorrian represents the final test of the weapon. Read More
Terrorist Attacks Will Likely Affect 2016 Presidential Race, Experts Say
The recent connected bombings in New York and New Jersey and the stabbing attack at a mall in Minnesota have increased interest in how the presidential candidates would handle national security. Hillary Clinton and Donald Trump have spoken out since the attacks, which left dozens of people injured. John Cohen, a former counterterrorism coordinator for the Department of Homeland Security, said he believes that the terrorist attacks that have occurred during the campaign "have a significant impact" on voters. "When events occur like this ... you tend to have people become more fearful, and when people are more fearful, they tend to gravitate towards a candidate who appears to be more strong," said Cohen, who currently works as an ABC News consultant. Three of the latest national polls all conducted before the attacks this weekend had Clinton leading when respondents were asked whom they trust to handle the issue of terrorism. In an ABC News/Washington Post poll released Sept. 11, Clinton led, 50 percent to Trump's 41 percent among all adults and 48 percent to Trump's 45 percent among likely voters when asked about who was more trusted to handle terrorism. A CBS/New York Times poll released Sept. 14 had Clinton doing "a better job handling terrorism and national security" according to 49 percent of respondents, compared with Trump's 45 percent. The split was closest in a Quinnipiac poll released Sept. 15, in which respondents were asked who they thought would do a better job keeping the country safe from terrorism, "regardless of how you intend to vote." In that poll, Clinton got 49 percent to Trump's 47 percent. "Traditionally, it's been the Republican Party who has projected strength and awareness in the area of law enforcement and homeland security, but today that's kind of flipped because, despite his rhetoric, there are a number of national security experts who have raised concerns about the level of understanding that Donald Trump has as it relates to terrorism and national security threats," Cohen said. Andres Kudacki/AP Photo Current events are factoring into the political campaigns, with the candidates scheduling speeches about national security in the wake of attacks. But Cohen said political rhetoric could also be affecting and even motivating the attacks themselves. He said Trump's rhetoric and calls to bar foreign Muslims from entering the United States "may even serve to further along those who are becoming inspired to act on [ISIS'] behalf." James Campbell, a professor of political science at the University at Buffalo in New York who has written a book about political polarization, told ABC News that he believes the attacks translate to a potential advantage for Trump. "I have to think that terrorist events in this country help Trump and hurt Clinton. For these events to be occurring with the frequency they do may be read by many as a failure of the current administration and particularly its foreign policy team to effectively deal with the problem," he said. "It may also suggest that we need a tougher approach to dealing with terrorism, an approach associated with Trump. When suspects are identified who have Muslim-sounding names, then that may further fuel support for tougher immigration standards and scrutiny," Campbell added.
Everything you need to know about Trump and Clinton s first 2016 presidential debate
Lester Holt, who anchors "NBC Nightly News," will be the moderatorfor the first debate. | Getty Everything you need to know about Trump and Clinton s first 2016 presidential debate When is the first general election presidential debate? The first general election presidential debate of 2016 will be held at Hofstra University in Hempstead, New York on Sept. 26. Story Continued Below What time is the debate and how long is it? The debate will start at 9:00 p.m. Eastern Time and run for 90 minutes without commercial breaks. How can I watch the debate? It will be broadcast on all of the major television networks, as well as the websites for major cable news channels and C-SPAN. Who will participate in the debate? Former Secretary of State Hillary Clinton and celebrity real estate mogul Donald Trump. No other candidates qualified. Who will moderate the debate? Lester Holt, who anchors "NBC Nightly News," will be the moderator. It s his second time serving in that role in the 2016 presidential cycle. Holt was also a moderator for the Democratic primary debate on January 17. On February 15, 2015 Holt became the substitute anchor of NBC Nightly News after Brian Williams was suspended. Four months later he became the permanent anchor. What is the format of the debate? The debate will be divided into six segments of 15 minutes each. Each segment will start with a question from Holt, after which each candidates will have two minutes for an initial response and then will be allowed to respond to each other. On Monday, the Commission on Presidential Debates announced the tentative topics for the debate: America's direction, achieving prosperity, and securing America. The topics are subject to change based on news developments, according to the commission. Why aren't Jill Stein or Gary Johnson participating in the debate? Libertarian Party presidential nominee Gary Johnson and Green Party presidential nominee Jill Stein were not invited by the presidential debate commission. The commission said it would only invite candidates that averaged 15 percent in five national polls it selected. Neither Johnson nor Stein made that threshold. What's at stake for Hillary Clinton? The debate is Clinton s chance to turn the page on a few weeks during which Trump has eaten much of the polling lead she built following her convention. Clinton s camp has also been counting on her policy knowledge and debate experience to help her expose Trump s weaknesses, but the Democratic candidate also comes in facing higher expectations than Trump. What's at stake for Donald Trump? Trump has been accused lacking policy gravitas and self-restraint, and both of those perceived weaknesses could be exposed in a debate, where candidates will be grilled on their familiarity with issues foreign and domestic and be expected to keep composed under rhetorical assault from their opponents. Trump has the advantage, however, of low expectations: At several turns in the presidential campaign, even modest pivots away from his bombastic primary style were hailed as pivots to professionalism, and a similar self-restraint provided he still hits the high notes his supporters are expected could help him clear the low bar again. What is the most watched debate in presidential history? In 1980 the debate between President Jimmy Carter and Republican presidential nominee Ronald Reagan garnered a viewership of 80.6 million people, the largest television audience for a debate since Nielsen Ratings began collecting viewership data in 1976. In 2012, the first general election presidential debate between President Barack Obama and Republican presidential nominee Mitt Romney attracted about 70 million viewers. What's the most-watched television moment of all time? Super Bowl XLIX in 2015 on NBC is currently the most watched television program in U.S. history, attracting 114 million viewers, according to NBC News. The New England Patriots played against the Seattle Seahawks, winning the game 28-24. Still, that pales in comparison to the estimated 600 million people worldwide who watched Neil Armstrong and Buzz Aldrin make the first moon landing on July 20, 1969, or the estimated 750 million people worldwide that watched Prince Charles of Wales marry Lady Diana Spencer on July 29, 1981. Authors:
U.S. attorney sees no rush to arraign Rahami in federal court
Under the Radar Blog Archives Select Date July, 2017 June, 2017 May, 2017 April, 2017 March, 2017 February, 2017 January, 2017 December, 2016 November, 2016 October, 2016 September, 2016 August, 2016 Ahmad Khan Rahami is taken into custody after a shootout with police Monday in Linden, N.J. | Nicolaus Czarnecki/Boston Herald via AP U.S. attorney sees no rush to arraign Rahami in federal court Federal prosecutors are pushing back against a demand by defense lawyers that New York and New Jersey bombing suspect Ahmad Rahami be arraigned immediately on federal charges he is facing. Late Tuesday, defense attorneys wrote to federal magistrate judge Gabriel Gorenstein asking that Rahami be promptly informed of the charges against him at a court proceeding that would also formally advise him of his right to counsel and his right to remain silent. However, prosecutors from the office of U.S. Attorney for the Southern District of New York Preet Bharara said in a letter to the magistrate Wednesday that Rahami isn't in federal custody so there is no legal obligation for the federal courts to get involved. "The defendant in this case, Ahmad Khan Rahami, a/k/a 'Ahmad Rahimi,' has not been arrested on any federal charge. He is not in federal custody. He is in the custody of the State of New Jersey, on state charges, and is subject to a bail package issued by the New Jersey state court," federal prosecutors wrote. "While a writ of habeas corpus ad prosequendum has been lodged with the United States Marshals Service, it has not been executed, and there has been no such federal arrest." The writ referred to in the federal prosecutors' letter would require state or local officials to hand over Rahami to federal authorities for prosecution. Rahami is facing five attempted murder charges in a New Jersey court in connection with a shootout Monday morning in which the suspect and two police officers were wounded. Rahami is currently in a Newark hospital. A judge has set $5.2 million bail and an initial county court appearance for Sept. 28. Defense lawyers contend that Rahami has been "without the benefit of counsel" since his arrest, but it's unclear whether he's been advised of his Miranda rights or whether he's made some decision not to meet with an attorney. Lawmakers briefed on the investigation say he has not been cooperating. While Attorney General Loretta Lynch said Wednesday that Rahami would be taken to Manhattan in the "near future," the letter from prosecutors evinces no urgency to such a move. Prosecutors say Rahami has no rights in the federal system at the moment, including a right to counsel. The letter indicates that lawyers from the Federal Defenders office in New York have sought appointment in Rahami's case, but prosecutors say that's "plainly premature" until he is brought to court. Prosecutors cited a series of terrorism cases where judges ruled defendants were not entitled to court-appointed counsel until they appear in court. Court records show no immediate action from Gorenstein on the request for Rahami's arraignment or the defense lawyers' request to be appointed as his counsel in the case. Josh Gerstein is a senior reporter for POLITICO. Authors:
Donald Trump's rise puts Ted Cruz in a bind
Story highlights Ted Cruz refused to endorse Trump earlier this year, but is under pressure to change his mind now Cruz could face a primary challenge in 2018 from a fellow Republican Washington (CNN) Rep. Trent Franks backed Ted Cruz during the GOP presidential primary, but he now has a message for the Texas Republican: Get in line behind Donald Trump. "Any person in this party that does not support Trump at this point is increasing the chances of Hillary Clinton becoming president and destroying the Constitution," Franks said. JUST WATCHED Cruz: I won't support those who attack my wife Replay More Videos ... MUST WATCH Cruz: I won't support those who attack my wife 01:51 On the other side, Cruz backers say that the first-term senator should stick to his guns and withhold an endorsement -- or risk angering his own supporters who detest Trump. "I have five rules for political endorsements," said Steve Deace, an Iowa radio talk show host who was an outspoken Cruz backer during the primary. "And Cruz endorsing Trump violates every single one of them." Less than two months until Election Day, Trump has once again put Cruz in a bind. As Trump's poll numbers rise and now is neck-and-neck against Clinton, the GOP nominee's backers are looking for every last ounce of support to showcase that there is momentum and energy behind his campaign. If Trump falls short of Clinton by a narrow margin, Trump's backers are bound to blame holdouts like Cruz for failing to do more to help their party. Read More
Trump hits Clinton on Islamic State: It is time for change
Crooked Hillary has been fighting ISIS, or whatever she has been doing, for years, Donald Trump tweets. | AP Photo Trump hits Clinton on Islamic State: It is time for change Donald Trump called for a change Tuesday in how the U.S. handles the terror threat of the Islamic State, a shift away from President Barack Obama and Hillary Clinton's policies. Crooked Hillary has been fighting ISIS, or whatever she has been doing, for years, Trump tweeted Tuesday morning. Now she has new ideas. It is time for change. Story Continued Below Following a series of planted bombs in New York and New Jersey over the weekend and a stabbing in Minnesota, Trump on Monday hammered Clinton on her record amid increasing concerns regarding the terrorist network and the threat of domestic attacks. The real estate mogul again blamed Clinton and Obama for refusing to utter the words radical Islamic terrorism and accused them of emboldening terrorists across the globe. Today, Hillary Clinton showed again that she will say anything and blame anyone to shift attention away from the weakness she showed as Secretary of State, he said in a statement Monday, adding that terrorists are hoping and praying that Hillary Clinton becomes President so that they can continue their savagery and murder. Trump vowed to bring an end to these senseless acts of violence and condemned the White House, whose spokesman referred to the battle against the Islamic State as a narrative fight. They are wrong to say that we re in a fight about narratives, Trump said. These terrorists pose an existential threat to our country, our values, and our way of life. Authors:
Bridgegate: Port Authority officials planned to make Fort Lee 'traffic jam as bad as possible'
Newark (CNN) Former Port Authority executives and New Jersey Gov. Chris Christie staffers planned to make the traffic from the September 2013 lane closures at the George Washington Bridge "as bad as possible," according to testimony heard in federal court Monday. David Wildstein, former Port Authority director of Interstate Capital Projects, testified that in June 2013, Bridget Kelly, Christie's former deputy chief of staff, was upset that their office had not secured the endorsement of the Democratic mayor of Fort Lee New Jersey, Mark Sokolich, for Christie's reelection campaign. Wildstein, who has previously pleaded guilty to one charge of conspiracy to commit fraud on federally funded property and one civil rights violation, told Kelly that shutting down access lanes to the George Washington Bridge to put some political pressure on Sokolich was an option, according to his testimony. Wildstein is testifying as part of his plea deal. Sokolich testified last week that being a "Democrat in a Democratic town" put him in an uncomfortable position vis-a-vis a Christie endorsement, and he eventually declined because he did not want to "alienate anyone." On August 13, 2013, and as CNN has previously reported, Wildstein received an email from Kelly saying: "Time for some traffic problems in Fort Lee." "Got it," Wildstein responded. A phone call with Kelly the same day established the lane closures would go forward, it was revealed in testimony Monday. "I did not question senior officials in the office of the governor," Wildstein said in court when asked if he questioned the decision. Wildstein became the de facto organizer of the eventual lane closures, and communicated every step of the way with Kelly and his then-boss, former Port Authority deputy executive director, Bill Baroni, according to his testimony. Wildstein and Kelly discussed and agreed that there would be no advance notice of the closures to Fort Lee officials or the public. They discussed how the Port Authority would respond to any inquiries, and agreed that all calls would be directed to Baroni's office and Baroni would not return the calls, testimony revealed. This "radio silence" policy was discussed with and approved by Baroni, Wildstein said. Wildstein testified that that lack of advance notice was to "maximize the impact on Fort Lee." Wildstein also recalled discussing the timing of the closures with Baroni and Kelly. Baroni asked when the first day of school in Fort Lee was, and when Wildstein told Baroni it was September 9, Baroni smiled and said, "Fantastic," according to Wildstein's testimony. Kelly agreed on the September 9 date. Wildstein testified that his initial plan was to shut down all three Fort Lee access lanes, but after discussing the matter with Port Authority engineers who feared this could cause "sideswipe crashes," Wildstein recommended to Baroni and Kelly that they shut down two lanes. On Friday, September 6, 2013, Wildstein informed several Port Authority staffers of the closures that were scheduled to begin on Monday, September 9. Bob Durando, Port Authority general manager of the George Washington Bridge expressed concern, telling Wildstein that the closures would cause a "mess." Wildstein told Durando the closures would be going forward, and to prepare accordingly. "I told him not to say anything to anybody," Wildstein testified. Wildstein told Durando to direct any inquiries he gets during the closures to Baroni's office. Wildstein then informed former Port Authority chief engineer, Peter Zipf, of the closures, and asked Zipf to organize a way to get "some numbers" on the traffic patterns. Wildstein also informed Cedrick Fulton, Port Authority director of Tunnels, Bridges and Terminals. Fulton asked if Port Authority executive director, Patrick Foye, was aware. Wildstein testified that he told Fulton "yes," but that this was a lie. All of these staffers were under the impression that the closures were part of a traffic study. On the day the closures began, Wildstein watched the traffic build up on screens inside a Port Authority administration building on the Fort Lee side of the George Washington Bridge. "I knew the plan that I had set into motion was working," Wildstein testified. A Port Authority lieutenant also drove Wildstein around Fort Lee so Wildstein could see the traffic on the ground. Wildstein testified that he called Kelly that morning to tell her that traffic was building up, and "she was pleased." Several calls and emails began coming in to Baroni and Wildstein from Fort Lee officials, including the mayor, Sokolich, but their plan of "radio silence" was put into effect and no messages were returned. Last week, Wildstein testified that Baroni's role at the bi-state agency was essentially to be a representative of Christie's administration and that their top priority was to represent Christie's office's interests. Wildstein said he created a phrase that he and Baroni often used, "the one constituent rule." This referred to the fact that Governor Christie's opinion or good favor was the only one that mattered when it came to Port Authority affairs. Wildstein and Baroni used the "one constituent rule" as a barometer by which decisions would be made. Kelly and Baroni face conspiracy and fraud charges in connection with Bridgegate. Their attorneys have previously said they will both testify in their own defenses.
Bono: Trump is potentially the worst idea that ever happened to America
Bono: Trump is potentially the worst idea that ever happened to America Donald Trump is the antithesis of the United States, according to U2 frontman Bono, who called the Republican presidential nominee potentially the worst idea that ever happened to America. Look, America is like the best idea the world ever came up with, Bono, whose real name is Paul David Hewson, told CBS This Morning in an interview broadcast Tuesday. But Donald Trump is potentially the worst idea that ever happened to America. Potentially. Story Continued Below Bono pointed to nations like Ireland and Great Britain as great countries but suggested that America is different because it s an idea, one that Trump is trying to hijack. That idea is bound up in justice and equality for all equality and justice for all, you know, he continued. I think he s hijacked the party. I think he s trying to hijack the idea of America. And I think it s bigger than all of us. I think it s it s this is really dangerous. Authors:
2016 presidential race tightens in Florida
Story highlights The campaigns of Hillary Clinton and Donald Trump are both targeting Florida It's living up to its reputation as a perennial swing state (CNN) Florida -- a perennial swing state -- is living up to its reputation ahead of the November election. A CNN/ORC poll last week found Hillary Clinton and Donald Trump almost evenly matched. The survey among likely voters gave Trump 47% to Clinton's 44% -- with a 3.5% margin of error -- wiping out Clinton's bump following the Democratic convention in August. With 50 days until the election, Florida political experts say it's anyone's guess who will come out on top in the Sunshine State. "So if I had to call it today, it would simply be, flip a coin," says USF Tampa political scientist Susan MacManus, a distinguished professor at the University of South Florida. "We're to the point where anything is possible. This is just one of those kind of elections." All eyes are on central Florida's I-4 corridor, historically responsible for swinging elections in either direction. The area stretching from Tampa to Daytona Beach is diverse in politics, age, racial make-up and social economics. Read More
HuffPo Just Dropped The Mic On Internet Polls Saying Trump Crushed Hillary In Last Night s Debate
The earliest actual poll to come out of last night s debate was a CNN/ORC poll showing that 62 percent of respondents believed Hillary had won the debate. However, there are a ton of polls that were conducted online that say Trump won in a landslide. How can that be? Here s The Huffington Post to answer that question: Are polls like this an accurate measure of how the electorate responded to Monday s debate? Huffington Post (@HuffingtonPost) September 27, 2016 Why is this obvious joke of a poll so damning for all the online polls claiming Trump destroyed Hillary? Because this shows how online polls are meaningless. CNN actually contacted people. Anybody and everybody can answer an online poll. The results generally skew heavily to one side or the other, depending on the outlet s usual audience and which organizations/social media channels post poll links. There s also the fact that Trumpkins from both 4chan and Reddit were stuffing last night s poll boxes, proving how easy it is to manipulate online polls. Of course, the Trumpkins aren t happy with HuffPo at all for blowing those delusions out of the water: @HuffingtonPost someone s upset that #Trumpwins Jim (@Jimbags12) September 27, 2016 @HuffingtonPost are middle schoolers doing reporting for you guys? Timothy j. sims (@Timothyjsims2) September 27, 2016 Hope no one at Clemson got triggered for seeing this racist tweet. @HuffingtonPost pic.twitter.com/0KxxsNnMh5 Michael Benson (@KeyMrB) September 27, 2016 @HuffingtonPost Please vote Hillary or else Bill Clinton will do things to me ? pic.twitter.com/CsOON8nF3Y Pneumonia WarMachine (@z3no_of_citium) September 27, 2016 And, obviously, we can always count on Trump himself to only tout the polls that say he won, because anything that doesn t show him as the winner, as the god he wants to be, is biased and unfair, and, well, who cares about those outlets anyway: I won every poll from last nights Presidential Debate except for the little watched @CNN poll. Donald J. Trump (@realDonaldTrump) September 27, 2016 The #1 trend on Twitter right now is #TrumpWon thank you! Donald J. Trump (@realDonaldTrump) September 27, 2016 Such a great honor. Final debate polls are in and the MOVEMENT wins!#AmericaFirst #MAGA #ImWithYouhttps://t.co/3KWOl2ibaW pic.twitter.com/sfCEE3I5pF Donald J. Trump (@realDonaldTrump) September 27, 2016 He tweeted a story from the Daily Mail, too, that carries a headline saying, Majority of snap polls show Trump won debate by a landslide despite CNN s overwhelming victory for Hillary in biggest official survey. They actually looks like they re calling the results of the CNN poll into question with screencaps of every online poll in existence. Self-selecting polls aside, the result is pretty damn clear. Hillary won. Featured image by Drew Angerer/Getty Images
Tim Kaine on Libertarian ticket: 'Everybody knows they're not going to win'
Story highlights Democratic vice presidential candidate Tim Kaine says third-party Libertarian candidates will lose He acknowledged that he and Clinton will make a case to voters who may be considering Johnson (CNN) Democratic vice presidential nominee Tim Kaine has a message for voters considering a third-party candidate: They're going to lose. "The argument against the ticket is, I think, everybody knows that they're not going to win," Kaine said of the Gary Johnson and Bill Weld Libertarian ticket in an interview with Yahoo News' Katie Couric this week. Hillary Clinton's running mate pointed to the 2000 election as evidence that a protest vote for a third-party candidate can affect the outcome of the race -- and history. "My argument against the (Johnson-Weld) ticket is the Al Gore-George W. Bush race in 2000. The third party candidacy of Ralph Nader cost Gore electoral votes in New Hampshire and Florida. And if Gore had been president, we probably wouldn't had a war in Iraq," he said. "Casting a vote, a protest vote, for a third-party candidate that's going to lose may well affect the outcome. It may well lead to a consequence that is deeply, deeply troubling. That's not a speculation, we've seen it in our country's history." Read More
Watch Joe Biden Take Trump s Own Words And Tear Him To SHREDS After Debate (VIDEO)
If there s anyone in this day and age who most definitely doesn t mince words, and will say what needs to be said, it s Vice President Joe Biden. While speaking in Philadelphia, Pennsylvania on a campaign stop for Hillary Clinton, Biden tore into some of the remarks from Monday s debate. Especially when Donald Trump seemed to think it s perfectly fine to screw over the American people, or benefit from their sorrow. Biden said: This is a guy who said and wants to be president that it was good business for him to see the housing market fail. What in the hell is he talking about? Adding: Every president I have served with, including Republicans, has had a moral center about what it was to be an American, about what we re supposed to do, about what basic fundamental rights are. Then really getting to the core of it, he said: He does not have the basic fundamental sensibilities and values that almost every American politician left, right and center I know have. They disagree on how to make things better for you, but they don t take pleasure from You re fired. They don t take pleasure knowing that they will benefit. Biden also talked about how Trump seems proud of not paying taxes. Taxes that all of us have to pay and don t have the luxury of manipulating the tax code to our advantage. He acknowledged that he didn t pay taxes because, he said, he s smart. Makes him smart. Tell that to the janitor in here who s paying taxes. Tell that to your mothers and fathers who are breaking their neck to send you here who are paying their taxes. No I really mean it. It angers me. Biden knows, as we should all know by this point in the election, who the better choice is for Commander-in-Chief. He reiterates: If this choice isn t clear, I don t know - my lord What bothers me about this race is how palpable his cynicism is about the American people. And it s true, the choice is abundantly clear Hillary Rodham Clinton should and will be our next president. Watch Biden lay into Trump here: WATCH: VP Biden goes off on Trump over Trump s comments about not paying taxes: It angers me! What in the hell is he talking about!? pic.twitter.com/Qg5L5HcnvL NBC Nightly News (@NBCNightlyNews) September 27, 2016 Featured image via video screen capture
U.S. mistakenly granted citizenship to hundreds of immigrants
The Department of Homeland Security's inspector general said that 858 people who were ordered to be deported or removed instead eventually received citizenship. | AP Photo U.S. mistakenly granted citizenship to hundreds of immigrants At least 858 people who had previously been ordered to be deported or removed from the U.S. were instead granted citizenship, the Department of Homeland Security s inspector general announced Monday. The mistaken citizenships were granted, the Department of Homeland Security explained in a press release, because neither its digital fingerprint repository nor the FBI s fingerprint repository contain exhaustive records of individuals who have previously been deported. Story Continued Below The discovery was made by the Department of Homeland Security s office of inspector general, which released a report Monday on the incomplete fingerprint records and the mistakenly granted citizenships. The Department of Homeland Security s records are incomplete, the release said, because paper fingerprint cards used before 2008 were not consistently digitized. The FBI s records are incomplete because fingerprints collected during immigration enforcement activities were not always shared with the bureau. The inspector general's report specified that those granted citizenship were only "potentially" ineligible and were not necessarily granted citizenship incorrectly. A statement from the Department of Homeland Security said that the department is taking steps to correct the issues that led to the incomplete fingerprint records and that not all applicants whose records were incomplete wound up being granted citizenship. "It is important to note that the fact that fingerprint records in these cases may have been incomplete at the time of the naturalization interview does not necessarily mean that the applicant was in fact granted naturalization, or that the applicant obtained naturalization fraudulently. Preliminary results from the file reviews show that in a significant number of these cases naturalization had been denied and that, in some, naturalization was not improperly granted," department spokesman Neema Hakim said in the statement. "Other cases are subject to ongoing criminal investigation or to denaturalization proceedings that are pending or completed." In at least three cases, the inspector general s office discovered previously-deported individuals who were granted citizenship and then obtained clearance for security-sensitive work at commercial airports or maritime facilities and vessels. The release said all three have since had their security credentials revoked. This situation created opportunities for individuals to gain the rights and privileges of U.S. citizenship through fraud, Inspector General John Roth said. To prevent fraud and ensure thorough review of naturalization applications, [U.S. Citizenship and Immigration Services] needs access to these fingerprint records. Republican presidential candidate Donald Trump has made the vetting of immigrants as they enter the U.S. a major part of his presidential platform, suggesting during the GOP primary that America temporarily ban all Muslims from entering the U.S. until a more stringent vetting process could be put in place. He has since backed away from that proposal, which drew widespread criticism from both parties, in favor of a ban on immigration from any nation that has been compromised by terrorism. Authors:
Insiders: The heat is on Hillary
The pressure is on Hillary Clinton. Insiders in both parties agree: Clinton, having lost most of her lead over the past few weeks and bringing more experience to the stage, faces higher expectations than Donald Trump when the two square off for the first debate on Long Island. Story Continued Below That s according to The POLITICO Caucus a panel of activists, strategists and operatives in 11 key battleground states. Roughly equal percentages of Democrats (69 percent) and Republicans (74 percent) said Clinton is under more pressure to perform than Trump. But Democrats mostly lamented the low expectations for Trump, a relative political neophyte who has exhibited little command of the issues. She shouldn't be [under more pressure], but so long as he avoids standing on stage and vomiting on himself, the press will give Trump a glowing review, said a Nevada Democrat who, like all respondents, completed the survey anonymously. Hillary will need a strong performance to demonstrate that she passes and Trump fails the commander-in-chief test. The media and Trump himself have set the bar too low for Trump, a New Hampshire Democrat added. Presidents don't get graded on a curve, and candidates in debates shouldn't be either. One Ohio Democrat detected a double standard for the first female major-party nominee. Hillary Clinton has spent a public lifetime of being held to a strikingly different standard, and this debate will be no exception, said the Ohio Democrat. She will have to answer every single question flawlessly, exude gravitas, look presidential, channel Bill's and Barack's oratorical mastery, not raise her voice, not cough, wear an acceptable pantsuit, smile enough, be likable, not laugh and have a good hair day. Donald Trump will just have to show up. Republicans also said Clinton was under greater scrutiny on Monday night, but for different reasons: tightening polls that show Trump eclipsing Clinton in some battleground states. Somehow she needs to reverse the trend, said an Ohio Republican. Never seen anyone do it before. This will be her chance and maybe her last chance. She has to stop [Trump s] momentum with a strong debate performance, and she has to be able to stand on the stage for 90 minutes and look healthy for 90 minutes or the whole issue of her health comes back with a vengeance, added a Virginia Republican. All [Trump] has to do is not say anything racist or sexist and look like he could be president. Among those insiders who said Trump was under more pressure 31 percent of Democrats and 26 percent of Republicans most pointed to the GOP nominee s volatile personality. Hillary Clinton is expected to do well. She is a policy wonk, said a Michigan Republican. The pressure is on Donald Trump not to lose his cool. He has been doing very well in his public appearances, but that is with the assistance of a TelePrompTer. He will have no such help at the debate, and if I were coaching Hillary Clinton, I would be encouraging her to get him as riled up as possible. To win the debate, all Trump really needs to do is meet expectations, keep his cool, and look presidential. The question we are all waiting to have answered is: Can he be serious? added a Michigan Democrat. Can he answer questions directly? How will he react (or overreact) when he is directly challenged? Can he control his temper? Two other takeaways from the pre-debate survey: Most insiders expect Clinton to win the debate. Majorities in both parties peg Clinton as most likely to be the victor on Monday night: 76 percent of Democrats and 59 percent of Republicans. Media look at who best answered questions, and that will likely be Hillary, said an Iowa Republican. [Clinton s] mastery of issues and policies and no-nonsense delivery will prevail over bluster, name-calling and promises that can never be kept, added a New Hampshire Democrat. But not all Democrats were so optimistic about Clinton or the media through which voters will interpret the debate. The press wants Trump to win, said a Florida Democrat. Their disdain for her, plus desire to keep the race alive, means unless he really screws up, they'll give him the win on the most absurd grade curve ever. Some Republicans also claimed media bias in the other direction. The media has never been more in the tank for a candidate in modern history: CNN, NBC, ABC and POLITICO will all say she won, a Virginia Republican said. But then again everyone also 'knew' that Carter beat Reagan in their debate as well. Insiders think the debate will matter. Asked whether they expect the debate to have a significant impact on the race, most insiders in both parties think it will generate momentum for one of the candidates. Among Democratic insiders, 66 percent believe Clinton will benefit from the debate, 11 percent think Trump will get a bounce and 23 percent don t expect the debate to move the needle. Trump will flounder, ramble and lie (because he always does), a Michigan Democrat predicted. The moderators will challenge him, and he'll get mad. He'll complain afterwards that they picked on him and favored Hillary. First impressions are hard to shake off, and this won't go well for him. The numbers were flipped for Republicans, with slightly less enthusiasm for the GOP standard-bearer: 52 percent think the debate will help Trump, 26 percent think it will help Clinton and 22 percent said it wouldn t have a significant impact. Trump has the most to gain by appearing presidential and even-tempered, said a New Hampshire Republican. He does that successfully, and he cuts into Hillary's greatest strength. But some Republicans said Clinton could stunt Trump s momentum with a strong performance Monday night. If she pins his ears back, [it helps her], said an Iowa Republican. If it's a draw, it's a net negative for her. She has to have something to stop his momentum. She's got to hit him with a brick. Other insiders, however, doubted whether the debate would have a significant, permanent effect on the race. We're past the era of the big debate swings: the bloodless Dukakis death penalty answer, the Reagan age quip, the Bentsen 'you're no John Kennedy' moments, an Iowa Republican said. Swing voters are like the California Condor, a critically endangered species disappearing at an alarming rate. Opinion media, partisan polarization, and two highly unpopular candidates make this a battle over a very small group of voters in about a dozen states, and whatever bounce comes out of this debate will dissipate as quickly as it appears. Added a Florida Democrat: Does a damn thing matter this year? I think not. These are the members of The POLITICO Caucus, not all of whom participated in this special survey: Colorado: Ryan Call, Laura Carno, Matt Chandler, Will Coyne, Adam Eichberg, Mark Ferrandino, Cole Finegan, Michael Fortney, Andrew Freedman, Ted Harvey, Craig Hughes, Owen Loftus, Pete Maysmith, Frank McNulty, Karen Middleton, Christopher Murray, BJ Nikkel, Josh Penry, Rick Ridder, Alan Salazar, Janice Sinden, Pat Steadman, Pat Waak, Steve Welchert, Taylor West, Roxane White, Rob Witwer Florida: Fernand Amandi, Scott Arceneaux, JP Austin, Tim Baker, Dennis K. Baxley, Slater Bayliss, Dave Beattie, Wayne Bertsch, Ron Book, Pamela Burch Fort, Jose Calderon, Kevin Cate, Kelly Cohen, Gus Corbella, Brian Crowley, Elizabeth Cuevas-Neunder, Justin Day, Judith Diaz, Nelson Diaz, John Dowless, Ryan Duffy, Jessica Ehrlich, Joe Falk, Alia Faraj-Johnson, Mark Ferrulo, Damien Filer, Marty Fiorentino, Rich Heffley, Nick Iarossi, David Johnson, Eric Johnson, Marian Johnson, Eric Jotkoff, Chris Korge, Jackie Lee, Susan MacManus, Beth Matuga, Fred Menachem, Jon Mills, Joe Mobley, Ben Pollara, Andrea Reilly, Steve Schale, April Schiff, Max Steele, Roger Stone, Richard Swann, Kevin Sweeny, Christian Ulvert, Steve Vancore, Ashley Walker, Andrew Weinstein, Andrew Wiggins, Ryan Wiggins, Rick Wilson Iowa: Tim Albrecht, Brad Anderson, Rob Barron, Jeff Boeyink, Bonnie Campbell, Dave Caris, Sam Clovis, Jerry Crawford, Sara Craig, John Davis, Steve Deace, John Deeth, Derek Eadon, Ed Failor Jr., Karen Fesler, David Fischer, Ben Foecke, Doug Gross, Steve Grubbs, Tim Hagle, Bob Haus, Joe Henry, Drew Ivers, Jill June, Lori Jungling, Jeff Kaufmann, Brian Kennedy, Jake Ketzner, David Kochel, Chris Larimer, Chuck Larson, Jill Latham, Jeff Link, Dave Loebsack, Mark Lucas, Liz Mathis, Jan Michelson, Chad Olsen, David Oman, Matt Paul, Marlys Popma, Troy Price, Christopher Rants, Kim Reem, Craig Robinson, Sam Roecker, David Roederer, Nick Ryan, Tamara Scott, Joni Scotter, Karen Slifka, John Smith, AJ Spiker, Norm Sterzenbach, John Stineman, Matt Strawn, Charlie Szold, Phil Valenziano, Jessica Vanden Berg, Nate Willems, Eric Woolson, Grant Young Michigan: Jill Alper, Saul Anuzis, Andrea Bitely, Lori Carpentier, Howard Edelson, Jordan Gehrke, Steve Hood, Darwin Jiles Jr., Joe Lehman, Dennis Lennox, Katie Packer, Ronna Romney McDaniel, John Truscott, Stephanie White, John Yob Nevada: Mac Abrams, Greg Bailor, Barbara Buckley, Yvanna Cancela, Bob Cavazos, Linda Cavazos, Jim DeGraffenreid, Andrew Diss, Peter Ernaut, Ryan Erwin, Chip Evans, Jay Gerstema, Oscar Goodman, Ryan Hamilton, Dan Hart, Pat Hickey, Zach Hudson, Jeremy Hughes, Megan Jones, Lindsey Jydstrup, Adam Khan, Peter Koltak, Roberta Lange, Sam Liberman, Laura Martin, Michael McDonald, Chuck Muth, Erven Nelson, Kristen Orthman, Neal Patel, Nick Phillips, Jon Ralston, Andres Ramires, Emmy Ruiz, Scott Scheid, Mike Slanker, James Smack, Paul Smith, Jack St. Martin, Mari St. Martin, Daniel Stewart, Brendan Summers, Riley Sutton, Robert Uithoven, Michelle White, Ed Williams, Heidi Wixom New Hampshire: Charlie Arlinghaus, Arnie Arnesen, Patrick Arnold, Rich Ashooh, Dean Barker, Juliana Bergeron, D.J. Bettencourt, Michael Biundo, Ray Buckley, Peter Burling, Jamie Burnett, Debby Butler, Dave Carney, Jackie Cilley, Catherine Corkery, Corriveau, Fergus Cullen, Lou D Allesandro, James Demers, Mike Dennehy, Sean Downey, Steve Duprey, JoAnn Fenton, Jennifer Frizzell, Martha Fuller Clark, Amanda Grady Sexton, Jack Heath, Gary Hirshberg, Jennifer Horn, Peter Kavanaugh, Joe Keefe, Rich Killion, Harrell Kirstein, Sylvia Larsen, Joel Maiola, Kate Malloy Corriveau, Maureen Manning, Steve Marchand, Tory Mazzola, Jim Merrill, Jayne Millerick, Claira Monier, Greg Moore, Matt Mowers, Terie Norelli, Chris Pappas, Liz Purdy, Tom Rath, Colin Reed, Jim Rubens, Andy Sanborn, Dante Scala, William Shaheen, Stefany Shaheen, Carol Shea-Porter, Terry Shumaker, Andy Smith, Craig Stevens, Kathy Sullivan, Chris Sununu, James Sununu, Jay Surdukowski, Donna Sytek, Kari Thurman, Colin Van Ostern, Deb Vanderbeek, Mike Vlacich, Ryan Williams North Carolina: Don Davis, Francis X. De Luca, Anita Earls, Jonathan Felts, Tami L. Fitzgerald, Dylan Frick, Taylor Griffin, Robin Hayes, Morgan Jackson, Patsy Keever, Theresa Kostrzewa, Michael Luethy, Ray Martin, Thomas Mills, Melissa L. Reed, Chris Sgro, Paul Shumaker, Dee Stewart, Brad Thompson, Bruce Thompson, Charlie Wallin, Doug Wilson Ohio: Jerry Austin, Greg Beswick, Matt Borges, Erica Bruton, Tim Burke, Janet Carson, Jai Chabria, Martha Clark, Bob Clegg, Damareo Cooper, Jo Ann Davidson, Michael Dawson, Bill DeMora, Cindy Demse, Kathy Dicristofaro, Katie Eagan, Michael Gonidakis, Wes Goodman, Joe Hallett, Ian James, Melissa Klide Hedden, David Leland, Nick Martin, Rhine McLin, David Pepper, Molly Shack, Mark R. Weaver Pennsylvania: Chris Borick, Larry Ceisler, Valentino DiGiorgio, Jason Ercole, Dan Fee, Charlie Gerow, Marcel Groen, Leslie Gromis Baker, Mark Harris, Nan McLaughlin, Aubrey Montgomery, Christopher Nicholas, Nachama Soloveichik, David Sosar, Todd Stephens, Doc Sweitzer, David Thornburgh, Ray Zaborney Virginia: Ray Allen, Sandra Brandt, Marc K. Broklawski, Patsy Brown, Janet Carver, John Cosgrove, Brian Coy, Doris Crouse-Mays, Tom Davis, Julie Dime, Abbi Easter, Mike Farris, John Findlay, Joe Fitzgerald, Sean Harrison, Margo Horner, Robert Hurt, Gaylene Kanoyton, Chris LaCivita, Sue Langley, Frank Leone, Robert G. Marshall, Tucker Martin, Ed Matricardi, Susan J. Rowland, Peter Snyder, Susan Swecker, Jo Thoburn Wisconsin: Meg Andrietsch, Mary Arnold, Kevin Barthel, Mike Basford, Rebecca Bonesteel, Barry Burden, Terri Burl, Jim Camery, Patrick Guarasci, Robert Hansen, Gary Hawley, Marian Krumberger, Emily Nehring, Jason Rae, Brandon Scholz, John Zapfel Kristen Hayford contributed to this report. Authors:
Donald Trump Jr. Just Pinned A Tweet So Stupid It Will Make Your Eyes Bleed Opposition Report
Posted by Frank Wilkenmeyer on 19 Sep 2016 Donald Trump Jr. Is quite possibly the dumbest person ever to take to social media. In the very least, it s a tossup between him and little brother Eric, who just yesterday made a fool of himself with his childish self-admiration for being the answer to a crossword puzzle question, along with free wifi, pushup bras and Bozo the Clown. Together, the dimwitted duo provide enough social media fodder to make fun of them well into the next generation with posts to spare. When this election is finally over, it will be almost sad to see them fade back into oblivion. Maybe we ll keep track of their Twitter accounts just for a giggle every now and then. Today s silliness begins with Oompa Loompa Jr. pinning a tweet that is certainly relevant to a particularly volatile national discussion happening right now: Colin Kaepernick and the National Anthem. As more and more athletes decide to take a knee in protest to support Black Lives Matter, more and more conservatives trash them for it, calling them unpatriotic and demanding they stop getting media coverage. Lord Cheeto II has been one of the most vocal, accusing Kaepernick of disrespecting our troops and those who died for his freedom. For the left, it s a simple matter of the 1st Amendment. Regardless of how you feel about the issue, these athletes have the right to express themselves. Yes, that means from government oppression and prosecution and not public criticism, but let s not forget that it s people like Little Comb-Over who are calling for police to stop providing protection for these athletes, for their employers to terminate their contracts and some have even gone so far as to suggest they be jailed for treason. For years, we ve known that the only constitutional amendment conservatives care about is the second, so when this tweet appeared pinned to Mini Douche s Twitter account this morning, I couldn t help but bust out in hysterical laughter: Clearly when you re the son of pure evil you have a hard time understanding the words you use. When liberals otherwise known as sane people try to explain why people like Kaepernick and those who have followed his lead are expressing that very right, we re attacked in a frenzy of hate by people who think placing your hand over your heart and singing a song is mandatory patriotism. It s not. The first amendment is exactly today what it was when the founders added it to the framework of a growing nation in 1789; the right to be you. The Supreme Court has sided with those liberals every time the issue of free speech is tied to something conservatives think should be compulsory, like the pledge of allegiance and school prayer. I ve said it already once in this article and thousands of times in my everyday life and I ll say it again: The 2nd Amendment is the only one they see as absolute. All others are open to the interpretation of some holier than thou asshole like Donald Trump Jr. Featured image by Gage Skidmore
More Milestone Moments for Donald Trump! Eagle Rising
Last week I wrote an article titled Donald Trump s Amazing Week which must have been incredibly annoying to liberals and Never Trumpers everywhere. Guess what? This past week has been even better for the 2016 Republican nominee for president, the man whose candidacy was considered a vanity exercise a year and a half ago. Well no one is laughing anymore. The latest round of polls shows that the support for the Trump presidency is growing rapidly. The latest Fox News Poll, which was taken from September 11-14, shows Donald Trump polling at 46%, a one-point lead over Democratic nominee Hillary Clinton at 45%. The LA Times/USC poll taken from September 9-15 shows Trump at 47% with a six-point lead over Clinton at 41%. The gap between the two candidates is also narrowing in the key battleground states. The Suffolk University Poll which was taken from September 12-14 shows Trump at 42%, leading by 3 points with Clinton at 39%. The CNN/ORC poll, which was taken September 7-12 shows Trump with a 4-point lead over Clinton in Florida. Clinton still has about a 3-5 point lead over Trump in other key battleground states, including Pennsylvania and Michigan, but those gaps are getting narrower every day. Other states such as Nevada and New Hampshire which were initially perceived to be likely wins for Clinton have moved to the toss up state category. Donald Trump also continued his efforts to layout his policy framework with the introduction of another signature platform, his childcare plan at a speech in Aston PA, just outside of Philadelphia. Spearheaded by his daughter Ivanka Trump, Trump s childcare policy offers something for everyone across the economic spectrum. The plan offers six weeks paid maternity leave to all mothers who do not receive this benefit through their employers. This benefit will be funded by closing gaps in our existing unemployment insurance program. Lower income families will also benefit from the plan s offering of childcare rebates through the Earned Income Tax Credit (EITC) program up to $1,200 per year. Middle class families will benefit from being able to fully deduct all childcare expense on their tax returns. Families will also have the ability to establish Dependent Care Savings Accounts (DCSAs) to put money aside tax free for childcare. Low income families will receive a 50% match of the first $1000 deposited per year, generating up to an additional $500 per eligible family per year. DCSAs can be applied to pay for childcare, after school enrichment programs and school choice. Families can also use the funds in a DCSA to care for an elderly parent s expenses including in home nursing and long-term care. Finally, Trump s childcare plan provides a tax deduction for stay-at-home parents, effectively eliminating the tax punishment for a parent s decision to leave the workforce to be a full time caregiver for child or an elderly parent. Donald Trump followed his childcare policy speech with another economics speech to the Economic Club of New York which includes some of New York s most powerful movers and shakers in the world of business and finance. Trump s excellent week continued with his visit to the Dr. Oz Show where he released a letter from his long term doctor revealing the results of his most recent medical visit and other relevant pieces of his medical history. Other than carrying an extra 15-20 pounds, Trump appears to be in excellent health. Of course, Trump s unveiling his medical records on a television show comes on the heels of the recent concerns about Hillary Clinton s health following her fainting at last week s September 11 memorial event and the subsequent revelation that she was suffering from pneumonia. Again, only Donald Trump can turn the literal opening of an envelope into an event. Well, it is an event alright particularly if that envelope is opened on The Dr. Oz Show, a program which is reportedly watched by four million viewers daily with a large percentage of female viewers. During the one hour program, the discussion of Trump s health was followed by the appearance of Ivanka Trump who was able to deliver yet another pitch about the newly announced childcare proposal to the aforementioned audience of women. So yes, somehow all this concern about Hillary Clinton s health and capacity to serve as president has created multiple free publicity events for Donald Trump. Trump followed up the Dr. Oz interview with a visit to the Tonight Show with Jimmy Fallon. During the visit, Trump permitted the late night comedian to do something unpresidential . That is to say, he told Fallon that he could mess up his hair . While most pundits would speculate that the moment was completely pre-planned, the fact that Trump said yes to the display speaks volumes. He demonstrated that he has the ability to laugh at himself and that he is not afraid to have a bad picture taken. Furthermore, The Tonight Show is popular with Democrats and millennials of all political persuasions. Once again, Trump had an opportunity to make a connection with millions of people who more than likely were not on the Trump Train . Oh and one more thing, by letting Jimmy Fallon touch his hair on national television, Trump has finally set to rest all rumors that his hair is not his. However small, it s another check mark in the honesty and transparency box. Now if all of this was not enough, Donald Trump capped his week off with an opening event ceremony at his new hotel in the former post office site in Washington DC where he received endorsements from military flag officers and fourteen Medal of Honor recipients. Trump used the event to not only promote his hotel project as being completed two years early and under budget , a metaphor for how he would manage the US economy, he also seized the moment to put an end to the birther issue . Trump took the microphone and said Not to mention her in the same breath, (as the Medal of Honor recipients who had just endorsed him) Hillary Clinton and her campaign of 2008 started the birther controversy. I finished it. I finished it, he said. President Barack Obama was born in the United States, period. Now we all want to get back to making America strong and great again. Trump said. Once again, political correctness be damned, Donald Trump has had another amazing week. The views expressed in this opinion article are solely those of their author and are not necessarily either shared or endorsed by EagleRising.com
Donald Trump retreats to friendly media ground
Donald Trump's reputation for being always available to reporters is way out of date. Trump is saying "yes" to Fox News almost every day but saying "no" to most other major networks and news organizations -- a highly unusual strategy for a presidential nominee. He called into "Fox & Friends" on Monday morning, he is booked on "The O'Reilly Factor" Monday night, and he has another town hall with Sean Hannity coming up on Wednesday. Rousing the base instead of reaching out to undecided voters may ultimately pay off for Trump. If nothing else, it limits the candidate's exposure to hard-hitting questions -- while fueling frustration among journalists. Trump's surrogates continue to say that he is more accessible than Hillary Clinton, but that is no longer true. Newt Gingrich knocked Clinton at a Trump rally on Monday afternoon by saying "she doesn't do press conferences." But Clinton has taken questions from reporters at half a dozen press conferences in the past two weeks, including as recently as Monday morning. These sessions, while relatively short, have been plentiful, while Trump has not held a press conference since July. Trump beat reporters are starting to make noise about the drought especially since Trump made Clinton's eight-month period without press conferences into a major campaign talking point. "It's been more than 50 days since Donald Trump held a press conference," David Martosko of The Daily Mail tweeted Monday. Trump's recent TV appearances, on "The Dr. Oz Show" and "The Tonight Show," made news, but not in journalistic settings. The Washington Post's Robert Costa had a newsmaking interview with Trump last week. But that's the exception to the rule. The New York Times last had an interview with Trump about a month ago. Trump last appeared on CNN in late August. Because Anderson Cooper challenged Trump about the candidate's muddled stance on immigration, The Post's Callum Borchers concluded that "it didn't go very well" for Trump. "It went so not well, in fact, that you have to wonder whether his campaign will decide it's best to dodge the likes of Anderson Cooper and Chuck Todd or, for that matter, Chris Wallace and Bret Baier and stick to softball sessions with Sean Hannity and the 'Fox & Friends' crew," Borchers wrote afterwards. Trump's last time on NBC was the "Commander in Chief Forum" on September 7. Moderator Matt Lauer was widely criticized for his light touch with Trump. Related: Behind the scenes, NBC execs concede Matt Lauer forum performance was "disaster" The candidate's last time on ABC was a short interview with David Muir on September 6. His last time on CBS was a "60 Minutes" sit-down with Lesley Stahl on July 17. Trump does have another CBS interview in the works, a campaign spokeswoman said. TV networks are agitating for more interviews with both Trump and Clinton. The difference between the two is that Trump previously had a reputation for calling in to morning shows and sitting down with interviewers all the time. This accessibility also once extended to his traveling press corps. "Trump used to be very, very accessible to the press. At the beginning of his campaign, he was extremely accessible," CNN politics reporter Jeremy Diamond said on Sunday's "Reliable Sources." "You could catch him for quick interviews on the way in and out of rallies. And that has really changed." Diamond said "he is less accessible I think, in many regards, than Hillary Clinton at this point." Trump's campaign declined to comment Monday on its media strategy. Republican communications strategist Ron Bonjean said most candidates in Trump's position would be "trying to reach a a broader general election audience." "However, most Americans already know Trump as a household name and he doesn't need to diversify his interviews for additional exposure," Bonjean said. "Trump is protecting himself from less friendly journalists while getting out his message at the same time even if it is to a more conservative audience." This conservative-focused media strategy is also gaining attention among Trump's critics. "He pretty much exclusively appears on Fox News now," Judd Legum, editor of the liberal news site ThinkProgress, tweeted on Monday. Trump's relationship with Hannity is perhaps the best symbol of how the candidate gets out his message on his own terms. Trump has taped numerous town halls with the conservative commentator. According to TVNewser, Wednesday's town hall will focus on "issues and concerns surrounding African-Americans this election cycle." According to Nielsen data, only 1.5% of Hannity's 2 million nightly viewers are African American. Overall, at any given time of day, about 2% of Fox News viewers are African American.
Pence gives no specifics on why Trump Foundation story is inaccurate
Pence gives no specifics on why Trump Foundation story is inaccurate When it comes to the Trump campaign's allegations of "inaccuracies and omissions" against a Washington Post story, running mate Mike Pence struggled late Tuesday night to account for specific examples. Appearing on MSNBC's "The 11th Hour with Brian Williams" after an evening rally in Williamsburg, Virginia, the Indiana governor backed up the Trump campaign's statement against the Post's reporting earlier in the day that Donald Trump spent $258,000 from his charitable foundation to settle legal issues. Story Continued Below "Well, I think what we found is that there is a number of factual errors in that story as there were in previous stories about the Trump Foundation. I'm confident they'll be able to address those and demonstrate that they fully complied with the law," Pence told Brian Williams, adding that the "larger issue" is the Clinton Foundation. Williams tried to button up the issue, pressing Pence specifically for "what the factual errors are that the campaign is alleging" from the latest Post story. "Well, I think the foundation will be able to lay those out. There were errors in the previous Washington Post stories, and, you know, look, you know me a while, Brian. I strongly support a free and independent press. People are entitled to ask questions, and I'm sure the Trump Foundation and the Trump family will continue to be able to answer those questions." Pence's comments and the Trump campaign statement came hours after the latest article from the Post into the Republican nominee's charitable foundation. Authors:
Details Emerge About NYC Bomb Suspect Ahmad Khan Rahami
As police today captured the man wanted for questioning in connection to a series of explosive devices in New York City and New Jersey, new information about him has begun to emerge. The man, Ahmad Khan Rahami, 28, was born in 1988 in Afghanistan and is a naturalized U.S. citizen, according to the FBI. He was discovered and captured in Linden, New Jersey, not far from his last known address in Elizabeth. New Jersey State Police A U.S. official initially told ABC News Rahami came to the U.S. in 2000, but his father later said the family came over in 1995. Court records indicate Ahmad Rahami was from a large family and may have as many as seven siblings. Former classmates said he attended Edison High School in New Jersey. One of them, Chris Konya, said Rahami was quiet but funny and a "pretty normal guy." Konya and another former classmate said Rahami had a child with his high school girlfriend. Rahami was enrolled at Middlesex County College from fall of 2010 to fall of 2012, where he worked toward an associate's degree in criminal justice but did not graduate, according to school officials. New Jersey State Police The Rahami family owned a fried chicken restaurant in Elizabeth. An employee and a recent customer said Rahami worked there. "I come in here every week or two, just to get something to eat," local resident Ryan McCann told The Associated Press. "He's always in there. He's a very friendly guy. That's what's so scary. It's hard when it's home." Members of the Rahami family apparently did not get along well with the local police and sued several officers in 2011 for allegedly harassing them over purported violations related the restaurant's operation. The case was dismissed in 2012, pending the resolution of a related legal matter, according to documents. Investigators are poring over Rahami's past travel, including what may have been a recent nearly year-long trip in which he flew to Quetta, Pakistan in April 2013 and returned to the U.S. through the United Arab Emirates in March 2014, according to the U.S. official. Rahami reported to authorities that he was visiting his wife and family, who he said were Afghan refugees living in Quetta, and that he had traveled by car between Pakistan and Afghanistan. New Jersey State Police In August 2014 Rahami was arrested after allegedly stabbing someone in the leg, according to court documents. A complaint filed by a police officer said the officer "has reason to believe that the person is a danger to himself, others or property," but Rahami was not indicted. Today Rahami was shot at least once by police during an exchange of gunfire before he was captured and then taken to a local hospital, authorities said. He is not cooperating with investigators, even so far as refusing to give his name, according to a source briefed on the case. Officials said they have not determined a motive for the attacks. Late Monday officials announced charges against Rahami related to the shootout with police: five counts of attempted murder, second-degree unlawful possession of a weapon and second-degree possession of a weapon for an unlawful purpose. Bail has been set at $5.2 million. It is unclear if Rahami has an attorney. A senior Afghan official told ABC News the Afghan government is ready to assist the U.S. in any way it can and is searching for any information it may have on Rahami. New Jersey State Police ABC News' Cindy Galli, Megan Christie, Randy Kreider, Alex Hosenball and Cho Park contributed to this report. [Editor's Note Sept. 28, 2016: The original version of this report said that Ahmad Rahami came to the U.S. in 2000. Rahami's father later told ABC News, however, that his son and the family came in 1995 and that Rahami received his Green Card in 2000.]
Trump s puzzling pitch to black voters
CLEVELAND Donald Trump campaigned Wednesday morning in a church in a historically African-American community and sold himself as the candidate who could fix the problems of urban America. Within hours, Trump was proposing a vast expansion of stop-and-frisk policing policies that have proved explosively controversial in black communities for encouraging racial profiling. It was just another day in Trump s up-and-down black outreach campaign undertaken to wash away the stain of racism charges lobbed at him by Hillary Clinton and the Democrats. Story Continued Below The effort has taken Trump from a black church in inner-city Detroit earlier this month to addressing largely white audiences in rural North Carolina where, on Tuesday evening, he proclaimed in a small town named after a slaveholder that black communities "are absolutely in the worst shape that they ve ever been in before, ever, ever, ever." On Wednesday, Trump hit the campaign trail with former boxing promoter Don King who dropped the N-word before a group of pastors at a Cleveland church while extolling Trump as a gladiator. King hailed Trump as the rare candidate who would overthrow the existing political system under which minorities have suffered. The system is the problem, and he s the only gladiator that will take on the system, King said. After the church event, Trump sat for a town hall with Fox News host and unabashed supporter Sean Hannity. Asked by an audience member what he would do to address violence in the black community, Trump embraced stop-and-frisk. We did it in New York, it worked incredibly well, Trump said. Fierce opposition to that policy in minority communities was among the issues that Bill de Blasio rode to prominence and, ultimately, the mayor s office. But even before Trump s stop-and-frisk comments, he was taking heat for his ever, ever, ever remark Tuesday night. I don't know what Mr. Trump is talking about to say that the situation for African-Americans is worse than it's ever been, Rep. John Lewis, the Democratic civil rights icon, said Wednesday on MSNBC. Is he talking about worse than slavery? Worse than the system of segregation and racial discrimination when we couldn't take a seat at the lunch counter and be served? Worse than being denied the right to register to vote, to participate in the democratic process and live in certain neighborhoods and communities? Trump s polling numbers among African-American voters have been dismal in the low single digits and some believe his outreach to black voters is as much about convincing moderate white voters, particularly women and those in the suburbs, that he is not racist. Trump regularly brings up his outreach to blacks What do you have to lose? he says to largely white audiences. At the New Spirit Revival Center in Cleveland, Trump assembled an eclectic kitchen cabinet of some of his closest advisers to attest to his beliefs before a diverse crowd. Seated to Trump s right was Mike Pence, his soft-spoken running mate. To his left, outspoken longtime attorney Michael Cohen. Behind him: King ( there s only one, Trump said), former presidential rival Ben Carson ( tough ), retired Lt. Gen. Michael Flynn ( a tough general ) and former "Apprentice" star Omarosa Manigault ( a wonderful woman ), who has helped with Trump s black outreach. I m different from a lot of Republicans, frankly, Trump said from the pulpit. Trump, who has called himself the law and order candidate, criticized the police officer who shot an unarmed black man in Oklahoma last week. Trump said he had watched the video and that the officer may have been choking in the fatal shooting. Trump has mostly defended the police in such incidents. "Now, did she get scared? Was she choking? What happened? But maybe people like that, people that choke, people that do that, maybe they can't be doing what they're doing, OK? King, whom top GOP officials had pushed not to speak at the Republican National Convention due to a past manslaughter conviction, was given the prime slot of introducing Trump at a forum billed as a pastors leadership conference. King, clothed in a sparkling jacket and clutching the flags of Israel and the United States, argued repeatedly that the system had oppressed minorities and women and only Trump can upend it entirely. Every white woman should cast a vote for Donald Trump, said King, who also went on an extended riff about the struggles of African-Americans. I told Michael Jackson, I said if you're poor, you're a poor Negro I would use the N-word but if you rich, you are a rich Negro; if you are intelligent, intellectual, you're an intellectual Negro; if you're a dancing and sliding and gliding n-----, I mean, Negro, King said. When Trump took his turn at the pulpit minutes later, he grinned, Ah, there s only one Don King. Before King, Cohen, Trump s attorney, used his time at the church to slash at the disgusting, liberal, mainstream media and its casting of Trump as a racist. The word of the 2016 election has somehow become racist, Cohen complained. I ve lost count as to how many times the disgusting, liberal, mainstream media have attempted to label Mr. Donald Trump as racist, a xenophobe and a bigot. And let s not forget, sexist, misogynist, narcissist, Islamophobe, anti-Hispanic, anti-Semite demagogue. And countless others. It s disgraceful. Cohen said, Not only is Donald Trump not a racist, he believes that all people are part of one race: the human race. Trump insisted that Democrats had abandoned black voters, and that he wouldn t. They come and they take your vote, Trump said, and they say they ll see you in four years. Authors:
Joe Arpaio: Trump didn t call Obama s birth certificate legitimate
He didn t say the document was legitimate," Joe Arpaio said of Donald Trump's recent announcement. | Getty Joe Arpaio: Trump didn t call Obama s birth certificate legitimate Donald Trump finally acknowledged President Barack Obama s American birthplace last week, but one of his supporters, controversial Arizona Sheriff Joe Arpaio, sees a silver lining for the "birther" movement: Trump didn't take a position on whether Obama s birth certificate was forged. If he says the president was born here, maybe he has information I don t have, Arpaio told POLITICO of the GOP nominee's statement. He didn t say the document was legitimate. He didn t go that route. Story Continued Below Of Trump s statement on Obama s birthplace, Arpaio added: It didn t bother me. Arpaio, a prominent Trump supporter known for his hard-line views on immigration, opened an investigation into the legitimacy of Obama s birth certificate in August 2011, several months after the White House published it online, further demonstrating that he was, in fact, born in Hawaii. Trump rose to political prominence in part through insinuating, falsely, that Obama was not born in the United States a claim the president s supporters have long decried as racist. He backed down from it under pressure last week, in a short statement at an otherwise drawn-out press conference at his new luxury hotel in Washington. Trump also attempted to blame his opponent, Hillary Clinton, for starting the rumor, another claim independent fact checkers have debunked. But while Trump has sought to sidestep the birther issue, Arpaio has refused to back down from his own claim that Obama s birth certificate was forged. On Tuesday in Phoenix, Arpaio addressed the conservative group that requested he investigate the document, saying that we are looking at a forged document. Period. On Wednesday, Arpaio told POLITICO the investigation into the document is ongoing. He declined to detail what evidence that effort has turned up, but he claimed that his office has found nothing to say it s a legitimate document. Arpaio also tried to separate himself from the birther movement, arguing that his investigation is focused on the document itself, rather than the president s birthplace, and denied that his skepticism is motivated by racism. Still, he would not say that he believes Obama was born in the U.S. I have no idea now where he was born, Arpaio said. You hear a lot of stories. He and Trump did not discuss the birth certificate issue before the nominee held the press conference last week, Arpaio said. I didn t know he was going to say it, he said. Authors:
Barack Obama at Benjamin Netanyahu meeting: 'He is always very candid with us'
Story highlights Obama has taken steps toward solidifying the alliance with Israel this month His meeting with Netanyahu was likely to be their last face-to-face consultations New York (CNN) President Barack Obama confronted one of his most strained foreign partnerships Wednesday during a final meeting with Israeli Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu, the pair making a last attempt at patching up their stormy bond before Obama leaves office. Speaking before their session, Obama said he was aiming to ascertain the prospects for peace in the region as he prepares to end his presidency. "Our hope will be that in these conversations we get the sense of how Israel sees the next few years, what the opportunities are and what the challenges are in order to ensure we keep alive the possibility of a stable, secure Israel at peace with its neighbors," Obama said. "These are challenging times. One thing that I would say about Prime Minister Netanyahu is that he is always very candid with us." That candor has become a hallmark of the relationship between Obama and his Israeli counterpart, whom the White House has accused of being less-than-diplomatic in expressing his opposition to US policies like the nuclear agreement with Iran. Obama's 30-minute meeting Wednesday with Netanyahu was likely to be their final opportunity for face-to-face consultations before a new president enters the Oval Office in January. Obama is intent on conferring solid ties with Israel upon his successor, despite the personal animus that developed between him and Netanyahu, as he looks to boost the relationship during the homestretch of a presidential campaign in which he hopes to see Democratic nominee Hillary Clinton prevail. Read More
McAuliffe hangs with Willie Nelson -- and his weed
Story highlights Virginia Gov. Terry McAuliffe was photographed with Willie Nelson, and Nelson's marijuana Nelson was in Bristow Saturday for a Farm Aid 2016 concert (CNN) Hanging out with Willie Nelson over the weekend has left a cloud around Virginia Gov. Terry McAuliffe, after a photo of McAuliffe and the legendary marijuana-loving musician tweeted by Nelson's wife, Annie Nelson, included a can of "Willie's Reserve" -- Nelson's brand of weed. It's sold in Colorado and is legal in Washington, but not Virginia -- a reality Annie Nelson might have been alluding to when she captioned the picture: ""UH-OH Trouble!" McAuliffe spokesman Brian Coy told the Richmond Times-Dispatch that the Democratic governor has never used drugs in his life -- and isn't cool enough to know what Willie's Reserve is. "He was not and still is not aware of whatever was on the table or anywhere around him and wouldn't know marijuana or related paraphernalia if it walked up and shook his hand," Coy said. "He's cool, but he's not that cool." The newspaper's political reporter, Graham Moomaw, tweeted a zoomed-in photo of the can of Willie's Reserve weed, next to a pair of glasses and a remote control. Let's enhance pic.twitter.com/7YlX5za85l Graham Moomaw (@gmoomaw) September 19, 2016 Read More
The Mystery of Trump s Man in Moscow: Carter Page
In March, in a bold Oh yeah? moment during an interview with the Washington Post s editorial board, Donald Trump took the paper s dare and revealed, then and there, his very short list of foreign policy advisers. There were just five, though he said, I have quite a few more. The list was a head-scratcher, a random assortment of obscure and questionable pundits. One of the names, offered without elaboration, was, Carter Page, PhD. Who? Story Continued Below Reporters quickly Googling found that Page is the founder and managing partner of an investment fund called Global Energy Capital, and that he claims to have years of experience investing in Russia and the energy sector. As for his connection to Trump, when Page was reached for comment by the New York Times the day after Trump s big reveal, he said he had been sending policy memos to the campaign and the paper said he will be advising Mr. Trump on energy policy and Russia. This piqued my interest: I have been a Russia wonk for most of my adult life, I spent years living and reporting from Moscow, still go there regularly for reporting trips, and am in touch with lots of friends there. And yet, despite the tightly knit nature of the expat business community in Russia, no one I spoke to had ever heard of Carter Page. What s this guy s name? says one former Western energy CEO who spent years in Russia, and would have overlapped there with Page. I had not heard of Carter Page before it came out in the media, says another prominent Western businessman who has worked in the former Soviet Union for over two decades. But I am getting a lot of emails from friends asking, Have you heard of this guy? Strangely, I've never heard of Carter Page until this Trump connection, Bill Browder responded to me in an email. He was one of the biggest Western players in the Russian market until President Vladimir Putin turned on him and Browder became his fierce critic. It's odd, because I've heard of every other financier who was a player on Moscow at the time. Someone, apparently, has heard of him: On Friday, Yahoo News reported that Page was being probed by U.S. intelligence for purported back-channel ties to Russian leaders. The story resurfaced the name of a character who d all but vanished from the campaign, and reawakened questions about who, exactly, Trump was surrounding himself with. This has been a concern swirling around the outsider candidate since he began, a real-estate developer with almost no serious Washington connections to tap for advice. I m going to surround myself only with the best and most serious people," Trump famously told a Post reporter last summer about how he would staff his campaign. "We want top-of-the-line professionals. As the primaries unfolded, it became increasingly obvious that Trump would need all the top-of-the-line help he could get when it came to foreign policy. In an interview with conservative radio host Hugh Hewitt, Trump confused the Kurds with the Iranian Al-Quds Force, couldn t tell the difference between Hezbollah and Hamas, and couldn t recognize the name of the leader of ISIS. (In his defense, Trump said that Hugh was giving me name after name, Arab name, Arab name, and there are few people anywhere, anywhere, that would have known those names. ) The Republican foreign policy specialists who would normally be a brain trust began slamming him in the press or publicly signing on to anti-Trump manifestos. And since they increasingly were fleeing the candidate, who were the people who would line up to advise him instead? What would they be like? Enter Carter Page, a 44-year-old Ph.D., and business school graduate who claims an expertise in Russia and energy, yet who, I quickly discovered, was known by neither Russia experts nor energy experts nor Russian energy experts. ( I can poll any number of people involved in energy in Russia about Carter Page and they ll say, Carter who? You mean Jimmy Carter? says one veteran Western investor in Russian energy.) Page also, as I would be surprised to discover, appears largely unknown to Trump s own campaign. What I did find, however, is that while Page might not be helping Trump, Trump has been a significant help to Page. Since being named by Trump as an adviser, Page, who has spent his career trying to put together energy deals in Russia and the former Soviet Union, has finally begun to be noticed in the region. He is being treated in Russia as a person with potentially important ties in America. He s an extremely well-informed, authoritative expert on Russia, says Mikhail Leontiev, a pro-Kremlin talking head and spokesman for Rosneft, Russia s state oil giant. People really respect him in this industry. He s a very serious guy, and he has a good reputation. According to the Yahoo report, U.S. intelligence believes Page had an audience with top Russian officials including Rosneft head Igor Sechin during a summer trip to Moscow. From what I could find about him, it s hard to imagine he could have secured those meetings without that mention by Trump. Page has also been the subject of some breathless coverage in the American press. A March Bloomberg profile touted his deep ties with executives at Gazprom, the state-owned Russian gas giant, whom he says he advised on some of its biggest deals of the past decade. Last month, the Post ran a piece that was breathless in a different way, casting him as a shadowy broker with potentially important ties in Russia, some of them unsavory. The Yahoo story also portrays Page as a well-connected, high-rolling businessman with extensive business interests in Russia and an office around the corner from Trump Tower. Page has fueled all this by making some remarkable statements, including saying Putin is a better leader than President Barack Obama to a June closed-door meeting of foreign policy Brahmins in Washington. In July, in Moscow, he spoke at the New Economic School s commencement ceremony, a university that had hosted Obama just seven years ago. Page used the speech to slam the hypocrisy of American foreign policy in front of a Russian audience, saying, Washington and other Western powers have impeded potential progress through their often hypocritical focus on ideas such as democratization, inequality, corruption and regime change. He is now frequently quoted on Russian television, which hails him as a famous American economist and adviser to Donald Trump on questions of foreign policy. All of which reveals something deeply strange about Trump: when he shoots from the hip, his remarks do more than just whip up Twitter controversies. They also occasionally and unintentionally mint a new species of insiders, people who seem to be in Trump s orbit but who may not have and may never have had any access to the gilded inner sanctum at all. But someone is paying attention. As I started looking into Page, I began getting calls from two separate corporate investigators digging into what they claim are all kinds of shady connections Page has to all kinds of shady Russians. One is working on behalf of various unnamed Democratic donors; the other won t say who turned him on to Page s scent. Both claimed to me that the FBI was investigating Page for allegedly meeting with Igor Sechin and Sergei Ivanov, who was until recently Putin s chief of staff both of whom are on the sanctions list when Page was in Moscow in July for that speech. So the question continued to linger: Who is Carter Page? *** I should tell you before we get any further that Page wouldn t talk to me for this story. I called his fund and left messages, both on the general line and his personal voice mail. I emailed him repeatedly. I asked the Trump campaign to put me in touch. I emailed the Bloomberg journalist who interviewed him, who passed the request on. I even called Carter Page s father in Poughkeepsie, New York, who told me he would ask his son to talk to me. But alas, no dice. This was disappointing: No one who worked in Moscow when Page was there seemed to know who he was, and I just wanted to talk to someone who did. At a certain point, I just needed confirmation that he even existed. OK, I thought. Try a different route. Maybe all these prominent Western businessmen who worked in Russia for decades didn t know Page, but maybe it was because some of them worked in different spheres of the Russian economy. He did, after all, have such an impressive r sum . Page s biography on the website of his energy fund, Global Energy Capital, hits all the right notes. It was, at first glance, the r sum of an up-and-coming player in the opaque but lucrative Russian energy market. He spent 7 years as an investment banker at Merrill Lynch in London, Moscow and New York where he most recently served as Chief Operating Officer of the Energy and Power Group, his bio reads. He was involved in over $25 billion of transactions in the energy and power sector. He spent 3 years in Moscow where he was responsible for the opening of the Merrill office and was an advisor on key transactions for Gazprom, RAO UES and others. Those were some of the biggest energy deals of the 2000s, and Page s tenure in Merrill Lynch s Moscow office, from 2004 to 2007, would have put him in the right place at the right time. He says he was part of the carving up of RAO UES, a massive Russian electric power holding company. He told Bloomberg that he advised Gazprom when it bought a stake in the Sakhalin II oil and gas project. Those were huge, huge things. If he were deeply involved, he would definitely count as a player. And surely he left at least a trace in the records of those deals. So I called Ian Craig, the CEO of Sakhalin Energy from 2004 to 2009, who was doing the negotiations with Gazprom and stayed on as CEO after the deal went through. (It wasn t really a deal, to be clear: Sakhalin II was a large project in the Far East, and Gazprom essentially elbowed its way into the project when the government forced the consortium to sell the gas giant a controlling stake.) But Craig said he didn t know anyone named Carter Page. He was also surprised to hear about Merrill Lynch s purported involvement in the deal. I don t think Merrill Lynch or anyone else was front-lining the negotiations, because it was all done at the highest level, because it was very political, says Craig . It closed at CEO level, and eventually Putin himself signed off on it. When I asked a prominent Western businessman, who has worked in the former Soviet Union for over two decades and who is said to socialize with Sechin and other members of the Russian elite, about Page s claim to Bloomberg that he advised Gazprom on Sakhalin II, he said, I rolled my eyes at that one. (He, too, said he hadn t heard of Page until Trump s announcement.) Fine. OK. Maybe Page exaggerated a bit on that one. But what about the reorganization and privatization of RAO UES, the Russian electricity giant? Maybe some of the Russians he worked with remembered a Carter Page? Turns out, they did. His nickname was stranichkin, from the Russian word stranichka, or little page, says Artem Torchinsky, who met Page during the breakup of RAO UES. Torchinsky, who was part of the company s financial department, worked alongside Page, who, at the time worked in Merrill Lynch s Moscow office. It was 2007, and Merrill Lynch was underwriting the sale of one part of RAO UES, and Torchinsky was resentful of Page and the other Merrill Lynchers: Torchinsky and the in-house team did all the work, and Page and his team would swoop in to give the presentation. They were the fancy Western window dressing. It really irritated our team, Torchinsky told me over Skype. We worked around the clock, and then they would come in and say something incomprehensible and we d have to correct them. These guys didn t know what they were talking about. As for Page, He made no impression whatsoever. Whether he was there or not, it made no difference, Torchinsky says. When you re dealing with a pro, you see it. Page, unfortunately, did not leave that impression. OK, harsh. But then I talked to Page s former boss, former Russian Central Bank Chairman Sergei Aleksashenko, who ran the Moscow office of Merrill Lynch for part of the time Page worked there. He wasn t great and he wasn t terrible, Aleksashenko says, exasperated and confused by the interest of all these journalists pestering him for information about someone without any special talents or accomplishments, someone who was a gray spot. What can you say about a person who in no way [is] exceptional? he asked me. Page was a vice president at Merrill Lynch in Moscow, which sounds senior but is a common title in the finance world; a big firm like Merrill Lynch might have thousands of VPs. In the Moscow office, there were five ranks, and VP was right in the middle. In effect, it was just the oldest of the youngest, three from the bottom, says Aleksashenko. When it came to finance, Aleksashenko says, Page was not a specialist in any branches of finance or in any instruments. When it came to energy, Page and his team were, according to Torchinsky, mildly speaking, not competent in the field of energy. And, says Aleksashenko, judging by the drivel he spews on Russia, you can tell he doesn t really understand the topic. Trump s putative adviser on Russia and energy and foreign policy, in other words, did not create the impression of someone who was intellectual or well-educated, or someone who was in any way interested or knowledgeable in foreign policy, says Aleksashenko. *** For the past few years, Page has styled himself a foreign policy expert. He has written columns in Global Policy Journal, a new peer-reviewed journal run out of Durham University. They are confoundingly written and make logically curious leaps. In recent months, renewed calls for equal justice have brought social tension across the United States after the killing of Michael Brown and Eric Garner by police officers in Missouri and New York respectively, he wrote. Although commonly overlooked, the impact of other fatal mistakes by government officials in the foreign policy arena might vastly outweigh these tragic deaths in potentially catastrophic proportions. He is the kind of thinker who writes that Kanye West s New Slaves and the artist s creative work offers valuable ideas that could fundamentally improve the direction of U.S. foreign policy and world affairs but does it by opening with a citation from the Oxford English Dictionary ( Slave; Pronunciation: /sl v/ ), roping in Adam Sandler, William F. Buckley and Dick Cheney. His speech in Moscow s New Economic School was a similar construction of empty spaces held together with repetition, tautologies, and abuses of the word ironically. For the last 15 years, I ve been researching, teaching, and writing about fundamental trends in the world economy, which have really continued to evolve in this period and in the years immediately preceding it, he began. The video of the speech also suggests that after three years living there and a lifetime studying the place, he couldn t really speak Russian he had to have his questions translated for him into English. Except to quote, haltingly, brokenly, Vladimir Putin: We never meddle in the internal political affairs of other countries. Unlike the USA. Which is troubling for two reasons: that the adviser of a presidential candidate of a major party is criticizing America abroad by citing Putin, and that the comment implied that he seemed to not know anything about anything going on in, say, Syria or Ukraine. Page also managed to find his way into a fellowship at the Council on Foreign Relations, where he cut a strange figure. Like other Westerners doing business in Russia, Page took the view that Putin was not the blood-stained and corrupt tyrant some in the West imagine him to be, defending him as a strong leader who brought order and prosperity to Russia. But unlike other entrepreneurial defenders of Putin, people at the Council recall that Page was not particularly good at it. He had a guilty-seeming style in making these arguments, making it seem like he didn t really want to engage, one person from the Council says. His columns made the rounds and raised eyebrows. That blog post about the slaves. That s just strange, says the Council member. He s a nice guy, but of the people that I know that have Russian foreign policy experience or access and contacts, he wouldn t be in the last decile, but he d be in the second-to-last decile, says one American executive with experience in Russia and its energy sector. You d have to dip really far and wide to find a guy like Carter Page. I mean, wow. *** I should ve just dropped the Carter Page story, but in the months since Trump named him an adviser, the campaign s Russia connections have become a bigger and bigger issue. Fancy Bear, who was probably a Russian hacker, broke into the Democratic National Committee emails, seemingly handed them over to Julian Assange, who continues to leak the information in a way that is clearly designed to help one campaign and hurt the other. Trump s second campaign manager, Paul Manafort, flamed out in August because of his shady business dealings with the pro-Kremlin side of Ukraine, and Trump himself continues to say absurd things about Russia and Putin, like publicly inviting the Russian government to continue hacking American servers. Washington was in full Hunt for Red October mode, and it was all I could do to stay on Page s trail, which began to look more and more like an infinity sign. I was not the only one. Seemingly everyone I talked to had also talked to the Washington Post, and then there were these corporate investigators who drew a dark and complex web of Page s connections. Then there was Page, praising Putin. I found myself juggling two mutually contradictory Page narratives: Was Page, like Manafort, followed by a long train of sordid dealings with dark and powerful players with deep pockets and deep resentments toward the West? This was the person described by the corporate investigators trying to whisper into my ear. Was Page a man wheeling and dealing in energy contracts with China and Turkmenistan, who was a vehicle for the Kremlin to influence the American election? Was he a man who, during a three-day trip to Moscow, met with two of Russia s most powerful men and was now being investigated for it? But it was hard to see that man when I actually talked to people who knew him. Page made his way into the financial sector as it ballooned in the early part of the past decade, securing a spot at Merrill Lynch s London and Moscow offices. Today, he claims he was cozy with Gazprom executives; his former colleagues laugh at the suggestion. No one let him into Gazprom, Aleksashenko says. He didn t go shake [Gazprom chief Alexey] Miller s hand. He made sure there were cars, hotels and meetings for investors in London. Another of Page s colleagues from Merrill Lynch confirmed that Page s role was simply arranging meetings between Gazprom and Western investors, something normally done by analysts, the lowest rank on the totem pole. People organize meetings with Gazprom all the time, the former colleague said. He hosted these guys in New York City but they would have done this 10 times a year I used to do this; it doesn t require all that much skill. You just send out an email to 20 people saying Gazprom agreed to dinner at this place at 8 p.m., do you want to come? The main thing is just getting those two [Gazprom] guys to agree. But because they agreed doesn t mean they re close to him. But the meetings did provide him with something else. Gazprom didn t need money at the time, says the former colleague. They were the most profitable company at the time. Their net profit was something like $36 billion a year. Their problem was not getting investors, but figuring out how to spend money in a non-efficient way if you read between the lines. He was probably aware of that. He would have known how inefficient and wasteful the company is. Page became an investor in the company, and has, according to filings, advised other companies he s worked for to invest in them. After Merrill Lynch, Page tried to set up his own fund to invest in energy projects and called it Global Energy Capital. But he tried to do this in 2008, and we know what happened to the markets in 2008. The fund is registered to his father s address in Poughkeepsie; Page listed himself as founder and managing partner, even though the only other partner seemed to be Sergei Yatsenko, who was once a mid-level executive at Gazprom. He also maintained a website and handed out business cards that listed a fancy Madison Avenue address that s the one around the corner from Trump Tower which was actually the address of a co-working space. That s Carter Page, says an American businessman who has spent nearly a decade working in Russia. That s what he s been doing, without any actual funding, without any actual experience, without any actual connections or core capabilities, he s been trying to throw together these deals. He s always been operating at a level far beneath that at which business in Russia is done. I admire that, it takes a lot of gumption. In the interest of due diligence, I also tried to run down the rumors being handed me by the corporate investigators: that Russia s Alfa Bank paid for the trip as a favor to the Kremlin; that Page met with Sechin and Ivanov in Moscow; that he is now being investigated by the FBI for those meetings because Sechin and Ivanov were both sanctioned for Russia s invasion of Ukraine. I don t know this person, said Pyotr Aven, one of the two founders of Alfa Bank, which is considered the Western Russian bank. Aven and his partner, Mikhail Fridman, have transferred much of their assets out of Russia and have been quite critical of Putin. As for who paid for Page s trip, Aven was no less irritated by the question. I give them money, I don t know how they spend it, who they invite, when they invite them, I have no idea, he said of the New Economic School, which hosted Page and of which Aven is the main benefactor. Exasperated by my questions, he snapped, Don t bring these Russian-style conspiracy theories to me. You are engaged in onanism, said Leontiev, the spokesman for Rosneft and Sechin when I asked him if Page had met with Sechin. It s bullshit. Just bullshit. You need to understand who Sechin is to even ask this question. It s hard to have a meeting with him at all. It s absurd. As for the FBI investigation, well, it s unclear. A State Department official who works on Russia sanctions but was not authorized to speak on the record told me that, for one thing, there is no prohibition meeting with a designated [sanctioned] individual. Moreover, sanctions violations are not criminal in nature and not enforced by the FBI. OFAC runs them. He added, the story doesn't add up. What does seem to have happened is that various U.S. intelligence agencies were looking into Page s time in Moscow, then briefed Senate minority leader, Democrat Harry Reid, who wrote a letter to FBI Director James Comey asking him to investigate, among other things, whether a Trump advisor who has been highly critical of U.S. and European economic sanctions on Russia, and who has conflicts of interest due to investments in Russian energy conglomerate Gazprom, met with high-ranking sanctioned individuals while in Moscow in July of 2016, well after Trump became the presumptive Republican nominee. *** I got my next surprise when I called Stephen Miller, Trump s senior adviser. I caught him just as the Trump plane was about to take off, and asked him the tired, old question: Who is Carter Page? Who? says Miller, and then went off the record to expound on his lack of involvement in the campaign. He has no formal role in the campaign, Hope Hicks texted responding to my question. Now my interest was piqued. There were whispers all over Washington that, despite Hicks s denial, Page was not only still part of the Trump campaign, but its conduit for Russian influence. Was he? One way to answer the question was to figure out how he even got on that list to begin with. One source suggested to me that Richard Burt, former U.S. ambassador to Germany, START treaty negotiator, and longtime lobbyist for Alfa Bank, was the nexus. It was Burt who helped draft Trump s foreign policy speech in April, and had been advising the Trump campaign, via Senator Jeff Sessions, on foreign policy. But when I met Burt at his office at the McLarty Associates lobbying shop, he looked at me and said he had never even met him. The only person I talked to about Carter Page is this guy at the Washington Post, Burt told me. And I told him I d never met the guy. Let me put it this way: if I have met him, I ve forgotten. He s the former Merrill Lynch guy, right? Someone else told me that the Page connection was Rick Dearborn, Sessions chief of staff, who hired Page because Dearborn knew nothing about foreign policy but needed to put together a foreign policy staff for Trump s Alexandria, Virginia, policy shop and he happened to know Page. But Dearborn wouldn t return my calls, and someone who once worked for that policy shop told me it was neither Dearborn nor Burt, but campaign co-chair Sam Clovis who recruited Page. If he was part of that original group of people, I can say with 70 percent confidence it was Sam Clovis, this person told me. I m not answering your questions, Clovis told me. He refused to tell me if he was the one who found Page, but Jason Miller, the campaign s other spokesperson, says, Carter Page isn t someone I ve interacted with. Which confirmed what a policy staffer on the Trump campaign told me: Carter is a red herring, not a Rasputin. He s never met Trump, never briefed him. He has zero influence, none. *** Was Page the shadowy messenger between the Kremlin and Trump Tower, or was he the nebbishy, not-very-successful man trying to profit from the arbitrage between what Trump said he s my adviser and what his associates said Who? Maybe I wasn t doing this right, and maybe everyone was lying to me, but it was hard not to come to the conclusion that, regardless of whatever game the Russians were running, Page was firmly in the latter camp. I don t know about his Russia fund, other than it s never really materialized, says the prominent player in the energy space whom Page has pitched on various energy projects. Every conversation I ve had with Carter has not been terribly serious. They ve all been pie-in-the-sky ideas. There are usually issues with traction and execution capabilities. He went on. I couldn t name a project that I could connect Carter s name to, any project that actually happened. I don t know how he s earned a living off this, the energy player says, but I think he s been trying to be an intermediary. If you hang around Russia long enough, it s sort of like a pinball machine, something will hit you. Strangely, it was not a Russian pinball that hit him; it was Trump. According to the Trump policy adviser, this winter, Clovis began to draw up a list of people who could serve as policy advisers to the campaign and give it some intellectual and policy heft. At a time when established Republican foreign policy specialists were tripping over each other to get away from Trump, a lot of people came to Sam Clovis in February, March, and said, I want to be part of the team, says the Trump adviser. And that s how it happened. He s just a guy on a list. Trump looked at the list and said, He s an adviser. And now he s milking it for all it s worth. Now, someone whom no one in the field had ever heard of was suddenly a Very Important Person in Washington or at least could plausibly market himself as one. I was not aware of him at all until he was named to the campaign, and even after that, I had never heard of him, one Russia specialist in Washington told me. He saw Page at a Washington roundtable in June for Indian Prime Minister Narendra Modi, and what he saw was a strange kind of person: one who was very differential to everyone there in a way that someone who is junior would use it to network, but who was dropping hints full of meaning to anyone who would listen and be impressed. He was saying he was planning to go to Moscow, the Russia specialist recalls. He didn t say what he was going to do there, but he created the impression that there could be some meaning to the trip. According to a congressional leadership staffer familiar with the intelligence briefings on Page s trip to Russia, the meetings did happen and that s been established as a fact. I think the investigation is more what happened in them. But it remained unclear, the staffer told me unprompted, what this even meant. It s not just did he met with them or not, but now looking into the bigger question of what the hell is going on? said the staffer. Is he acting as a conduit in ways that are against America s national security interests? Wittingly or un-, I should add. It s what s hard to parse about this. Is he doing this with nefarious intent or is this just about guys who are thrilled to be living in a John le Carr novel? Or are they being played by much smarter people in the Kremlin? This seems to be vintage Carter Page, a man whose story never quite adds up, as much as he tries to make the numbers work. But he s also mastered the art of manipulating the distance between his story as it is and his story as he wants it to be, playing on the uncertainty in between to make himself seem more successful, more connected, even more evil than he really is and to try to turn a profit off of that. If Page using his status as Trump advisor for personal gain, that s another matter: Time for Page to join Twitter! Michael McFaul, former U.S. ambassador to Russia, tweeted after news of the investigation broke. The Russians may be feeling out the Trump campaign via Page, but Page must be loving every minute of it. After all, meeting Russia s energy czar is an impossible dream for a would-be investor struggling to make it in the world of Russian energy but the dream entered the realm of the possible when Trump said three words in March: Carter Page, Ph.D. Now Carter Page, Ph.D., has found a perfect candidate to latch on to, like a pilot fish feeding off the carnage wrought by the oblivious Trump shark. For months now, the American press has been twisting itself in knots trying to explain men like Page and Manafort, and, through them, to answer the questions of whether Putin is trying to destroy America by their hands, and is Trump a Kremlin stooge or a just a useful idiot, and is there even a difference? There doesn t seem to be one in the world of Trump, which in some ways resembles Putin s: the waters of truth are muddy and deeply suggestive. And that is all that matters. Is Putin actually meddling in our election and undermining the foundations of Western democracy in a massive way, or doing just enough to make us think he is, and thereby acquiring powers he holds only because we believe him to have them? I want to hope that this is connected with the growing influence and significance of Russia, Putin says of the rumors of Russian meddling in the American election as we in the media continue to squeegee them around, rarely really getting closer to the truth, and watching it disintegrate in our hands when we think we ve finally grasped it. Julia Ioffe is contributing writer at Politico Magazine.
It s Trump is HITLER Month at the Washington Post Eagle Rising
Like much of the mainstream media, the Washington Post is going out of its way to disparage Donald Trump. But the Post isn t satisfied with the normal biased reporting they have gone above and beyond assigning 20 reporters just to dig up dirt on the Republican nominee. That must have failed because now they are taking the lazy, but disgusting way out with inappropriate Hitler references. Twice in this month Post columnists have compared Donald Trump to Adolf Hitler. Perhaps the editors have designated September as Trump Is Hitler Month at the Washington Post. On Monday they featured a column by Richard Cohen which said in part, ( ) while Trump is neither an anti-Semite nor does he have designs on neighboring countries, he is Hitlerian in his thinking. He thinks the truth is what he says it is. Mr. Cohen didn t mention what despot Hillary s lies reminded him of, but then again the post would never have a Hillary is Hitler month. While a Hillary comparison would be just as wrong, the fact that they are only creating a Trump month is incredibly sexist. Six Day s before Mr. Cohen, another columnist Shalom Auslander wrote, Don t compare Donald Trump to Adolf Hitler. It belittles The views expressed in this opinion article are solely those of their author and are not necessarily either shared or endorsed by EagleRising.com
Obama s team isn t laughing at Trump anymore
2016 Obama s team isn t laughing at Trump anymore The president s aides worry the Republican represents more of America than a fringe. Obamaworld laughed as it watched Donald Trump s hostile takeover of the GOP. After eight years of Republican opposition, inconsistent policy demands and racialized hate against the first black president, President Barack Obama s aides, past and present, thought Republicans had gotten what they deserved--and more, all but forfeiting the 2016 race to the woman they defeated eight years ago. They re not laughing anymore. Story Continued Below Going into Monday night s debate, Obama s team is feeling that same anxiety expressed by some top Hillary Clinton aides: maybe the country isn t what they thought, maybe the resistance to Obamacare and gay marriage and the progress they re so proud of is broader than the vocal fringe they ve always dismissed. Maybe, the president s aides current and former now concede, they re going to have to live with the fact that Trump could end up in the Oval Office in part due to a backlash against Obama. I m trying to think of a series to compare it to, which was a series that started as a comedy and became a high stakes drama, said Ben LaBolt, a former White House aide and press secretary for Obama s 2012 reelection campaign. I feel like we re maybe in the fifth season of Breaking Bad here. We re way beyond the laughs, and just sitting on the edge of our seats in terror. There's not a lot of mirth in the circles I run in about him, said another former senior Obama campaign staffer. Privately, Obama has expressed mixed feelings, according to people close to the president. He s still nursing amusement at Republicans for being hapless enough to get railroaded by Trump, but it s mixed with frustration that there are so many Americans he failed to reach. People who've spoken to him say the president wonders what he might have done differently to break through in a way that would make people who ve benefited from his policies like those enjoying added health benefits courtesy of Obamacare support Democrats. For Obamaworld staffers who had just been starting to settle into a new buoyancy about the president's climbing approval numbers, Trump s growing strength is an agonizing reminder of how far short they have fallen in delivering on hope.' Even if Clinton wins, the Republican has shown not only that America is divided between red and blue but that there s an America that Obama never connected with at all, and where all his data and rational arguments and appeals to sensibilities are as useless as Monopoly money. We are still the country that elected Barack Obama in 2008, and we are capable of that and more, said Jim Papa, a former special assistant for legislative affairs in the White House. But we re also capable of making bad choices and being seduced by someone who plays to fears and anxieties and racial differences. Trump s already done things they never thought he could, like mainstreaming racist rhetoric and racking up so many small donors that they worry about the extent of his support. And that was even before he riled up Obama doubters again with his birther pirouette. And the result: Trump s doing better in the polls at this late stage than Obama s team imagined. With 43 days to go, Trump and Clinton are essentially tied, polls sitting within the margin of error, even in battleground states. Though only a few weeks ago, current and former Obama aides would joke about how the president s great political legacy might be the Republican Party destroying itself in front of him. Now, on the record, they push back on the very suggestion that Obama s legacy should be viewed in any frame that Trump also occupies. I don t think he thinks it s his legacy, I don t think any of us think it s his legacy, said Dan Pfeiffer, a former senior adviser to the president. Trumpism is a lot of things in this country. President Obama is the face of that for some Republicans, but the Republican Party got themselves into this mess. But they worry about what even a Trump loss says about Obama s America. I think he will lose badly in this election, but I think the impact he s had on our political process is incredibly damaging, and will be lasting, said Tommy Vietor, a former national security spokesman who noted that his own amusement at Trump ended a year ago. He s made us look stupid. I think he is stupid. For any efforts Obama made in urging people to disagree without being disagreeable, as the president likes to say, Trump has shattered that, Vietor said. He has brought back a brand of politics that is you punch your opponent as hard as you can, it doesn t matter if it s a low blow, it doesn t matter if it s not of substance. That s a bad lesson for people to learn. According to Earnest, Obama is serious about wanting a functional opposition and wishes that he d had one to negotiate with on immigration reform, trade, infrastructure and other priorities. The sense of lost opportunity eats at them, as does the sense that it s not going away, despite their confidence in Clinton s chances. I m not saying we d all be playing acoustic guitar in a circle on the National Mall, but I am saying we would have progress to show for our efforts, said White House press secretary Josh Earnest, who's been with the president since the first campaign. Not everyone s inside Obamaworld is down. Some schadenfreude remains. He's still exposed and ripped apart factions of the GOP, enhanced their brand as hostile to a rising electorates, and will leave them with no infrastructure, said a more upbeat former Obama 2008 campaign spokesman Hari Sevugan. And Democrats sense of the vacuous GOP that Trump represents continues to resonate, particularly as they see the Republican nominee attack an economy that s gone wrong with the support of many of the same people who opposed the policies that the president credits for the economic rebound that includes the longest period of sustained growth and taxpayers repaid with interest from the bailouts that caused so much trouble. The eight-year legacy of the recovery from the Great Recession is clear evidence that the Tea Party movement, said Earnest, is intellectually bankrupt or about something other than the economy. But that doesn't take care of their grief about the state of American politics. I d rather live in a world where the two parties really compete, Papa said, than have a political edge on the Republican Party but have to live in a world where white supremacists have a channel and are legitimized. Authors:
Georgia poll: Donald Trump, Hillary Clinton in tight race
Story highlights Trump has 45%, Clinton 42% and Gary Johnson 8% Mitt Romney won the state by 8 points in 2012 Washington (CNN) Donald Trump and Hillary Clinton are in a tight race in in Georgia, a traditionally deep red state, according to a new poll. The Republican candidate has 45% to Clinton's 42% in the Monmouth University poll, within the poll's margin of error. Libertarian Gary Johnson had the support of 8% of likely voters. Trump is underperforming previous GOP candidates. Mitt Romney won the state by 8 points in 2012 over President Barack Obama. The incumbent Republican senator is also out-polling Trump. Sen. Johnny Isakson has a 16-point lead over challenger Jim Barksdale, 50% to 34%. Clinton's strength comes from the Atlanta area, where she leads Trump 55% to 35%. But Trump leads her 51% to 33% elsewhere in the Peach State. She leads 88% to 4% among the state's black voters, but trails 20% to 66% among white voters. Read More
Chelsea Handler Gets The Last Word After RNC Chair Attacks Hillary For Not Smiling (VIDEO)
There may be a few women out there who enjoy a man telling them to be more joyous in their presence, but as for the rest of us, there s nothing a woman hates more than being told to smile. Do men smile all the time? No. Because if they did, we d think they were crazy and up to something. Same goes for women. Not every situation calls for a smile at all times. Especially when discussing foreign policy and our military. So, when RNC Chair Reince Priebus thought it appropriate to criticize Hillary Clinton for not smiling enough during the NBC forum hosted by Matt Lauer, it didn t exactly go over well. One person who definitely had a lot to say about Priebus and his request of a smile from Hillary was none other than Chelsea Handler on her hit Netflix show Chelsea. Chelsea began by asking Priebus: Who the f*ck are you to tell someone to smile? Adding: This is just another example of how men feel the can belittle every woman in the world and order up a smile. Chelsea then said: Stop telling women to smile. We don t like that. It s not an icebreaker, it s a deal breaker. Going for Priebus jugular, Chelsea absolutely destroys him and his ridiculously corny smile, then says: You know when women will smile? When Hillary kicks that pneumonia and trounces Trump in November. And that s exactly right. Watch the full video here: Featured image via video screen capture
Is Donald Trump qualified to be president?
Off Message Is Donald Trump qualified to be president? In the most pivotal moment of 2016, these are the questions he must answer. H.L. Mencken declared there was only one way to look at a politician down. Likewise, there s really only one way to look at the first presidential debate on Monday: as the first serious job interview for potential President Donald John Trump an opaque candidate who has hidden behind a steel curtain of one-liners, faux familiarity and universal celebrity. Story Continued Below Yeah, yeah, yeah, it s a big night for Hillary Clinton too. She s got a lot to prove, for real, namely that she s not the lying, self-dealing crook many Americans think she is or at least convince the 55 percent of voters who don t like her that her virtues (temperament and experience) compensate for decades of assorted ick. She needs to prove she can stand up to Trump, answer the usual email/foundation questions, convince whoever s still sellable on the idea (stop Instagramming a picture of your lunch, millennials, and listen up) that she s not some scheming granny who will just sell everybody out the second John Roberts drops the swearing-in Bible. But the spotlight belongs on Trump, who is in need of a rigorous job interview. Clinton deserves the same, but she is already the single most scrutinized, parsed, vetted, investigated, attacked and plaudited non-incumbent to ever seek the presidency. She s been around forever, making enemies since the internet was dial-up, cell phones were the size of skateboards and Trump was engaged to Marla Maples. Everyone makes the orange jokes, but Trump is something of a black box running on a few big and broad ideas (curbing illegal immigration, ditching bad trade deals, restoring American prosperity to the working class and obliterating political correctness). He s bad with facts and the truth, and perhaps worse, takes perverse pride in being a D student who doesn t read books, has the sketchiest sense of history, doesn t read briefing materials, and, according to aides and ghostwriters, can t even sit still long enough to be given a thorough verbal briefing. These are not nasty, biased, liberal opinions. They are facts based on reporting and Trump s own public performances. Here are five questions Trump needs to address on Monday but taken together, they add up to one big one: Is Donald Trump qualified to be President of the United States? 1. Does he actually know or care to know the basic information needed to competently run the country? Only one verdict of presidential fitness counts, of course, and that s a candidate s capacity to get to 270 electoral votes. In recent days, Trump who swooned after Clinton s superb convention in Philly has closed to within the margin of error in many (though not all) national polls, and jumped to serious leads in battlegrounds like Ohio and Iowa since Aug. 1. He s still the most unpopular candidate in recent history (although Clinton is number two with a bullet) and seems to have a ceiling of between 40 and 44 percent nationally. But he can win. Fivethirtyeight.com, the arch-aggregator, gives Trump nearly a 50 percent chance of prevailing. His resurgence proves three political points two of them we knew, the third is a surprise to everyone except Trump and his team: The country (especially the white working-class parts) is pissed, Clinton is a perennially lousy candidate and lastly, but not leastly Trump has proven to be a resilient and flexible candidate with the capacity (developed late in the game) to shift shape and shut up when he needs to. The first debate should be a pivot from politicking to president-ing. Being a cunning candidate isn t remotely the same thing as being ready to rule and we should be moving to the Doris Kearns Goodwin phase of the campaign, where the top priority is fitness to govern in a time of trial. It probably won t happen, but a boy can dream. This is not to suggest that Trump can t do the job (Ronald Reagan, another entertainer who forayed into politics, was mostly a success), but he s been judged as a performer up to this point, and not subjected to the cold fluorescent scrutiny of managerial competence. Trump has repeatedly flubbed tests of his basic understanding of domestic and foreign affairs apparently he wasn t aware Russia had annexed Crimea until George Stephanopoulos informed him recently. He obliterated Jeb Bush, that humbled patsy of the GOP establishment, in the debates but Bush (if anyone had cared to listen) punctured Trump s bully-boy promise to impose tariffs on Chinese products, correctly pointing out that such a move would certainly spark countermeasures by Beijing that could lead to a global depression. Trump wasn t aware of that fact, or just didn t care. The caring part is kind of important, if history is any guide. In April, I sat down with one of his longtime advisers, Roger Stone, who described what it was like to brief an executive whose prime attributes were supreme self-confidence and supreme impatience. All you can do is present information and let him either assimilate it or not, said Stone, who has known the GOP nominee for decades. When you write something for him, keep it short and staccato. He's not going to read a 40-page white paper on the economy; zero chance of that. It's just too boring. Don't blame him; I don't like it either. So keep it simple and direct because that's the way he communicates. Stone argued that Trump isn t an ignoramus just a cut-to-the-chase decision-maker who is a lightning-quick study. But George W. Bush s advisers, speaking to biographer Peter Baker, said that Bush s unwillingness to ask probing, informed questions led to some of his disastrous decisions in Iraq. And during the nadir of the 2009 global economic meltdown, President Obama added a daily economic briefing to his daily national security rundown to keep tabs on the rapidly shifting metrics of crisis. Trump s capacity to intuitively assimilate information might render such processes useless but there s not a single presidential historian drawing oxygen who believes a lack of intellectual curiosity is an asset for the job. Many Americans might not give a damn that he knows what HUD s Section 8 program is and his failure to answer informational questions that Clinton would parry with ease will endear him to his screw-the-media base. But don t people have the right to know what he actually knows? Trump has gleefully trashed the rules of presidential campaigns, so why should a moderator treat him with the deference of someone who abides by the norms by assuming he possesses the basic knowledge traditionally required of a presidential candidate? 2. Does Trump understand and respect the basic principles and traditions of American Constitutional government? Again, this is not a given. Hillary Clinton despises the press, and dodges them as if they were a pack of feral rats, but she has never suggested they be stopped from doing their jobs through the courts. Trump (who banned news outlets, including this one, from his events for most of the campaign) routinely threatens litigation against publications that publish unflattering articles and, in February, went so far as to say: We're going to open up those libel laws. So when The New York Times writes a hit piece which is a total disgrace we can sue them and win money instead of having no chance of winning because they're totally protected. That s a new one for a presidential nominee. As Corey Brettschneider wrote in POLITICO Magazine last month: For more than 50 years, the Supreme Court has held that for a public figure to prove libel against a news outlet, they must show that the outlet acted with actual malice that is, with knowledge that it was false or with reckless disregard of whether it was false or not. During a private meeting with Hill Republicans earlier this year, the populist real estate developer expressed his fondness for Article 12 of the Constitution. The framers stopped at seven. He was just listing out numbers, said Congressman Blake Farenthold (R-Texas), a Trump backer at the time. I think he was confusing Articles and Amendments. OK, let s write that one off as a gotcha you can understand Constitutional principles without citing literal chapter and verse. But consider his reaction to the Paris bombings last November when Trump told FOX News he thought the government should shutter some mosques where some bad things are happening. The comment was decried by Constitutional scholars of all stripes as a radical measure that would violate the Free Exercise clause of the First Amendment, a pillar of protection for faiths of all kinds. 3. Why won t Trump forthrightly answer the most basic questions about his businesses and debts? Hillary Clinton has, appropriately, has come under intense scrutiny for her six-figure speeches to big Wall Street firms like Goldman Sachs and has refused to release the transcripts of her prattles to the plutocrats. And serious questions remain about the lack of boundaries between the Clinton Foundation, the State Department, and big-money foreign donors who blurred the line between influence peddling and altruism. But the Clintons have released all of their tax returns (in part because, for many years, they were required to do so as government employees) and Trump is the first major presidential candidate in the modern era to thumb his nose at handing over a single one. Why does it matter? Because a guy whose purchase on the presidency is rooted in his private-sector acumen needs to back up his claims with proof, in the same way that Clinton needs to be held accountable for her purported record of accomplishment in the White House, Senate and State Department. At issue is Trump s fundamental personal narrative, and his claim that he s very, very rich. He is, but maybe not quite as much as he claims (he says he s good for $11 billion; Forbes and other outlets say he s worth less than half that much). More serious is the issue of Trump s debts: The Clinton campaign, citing press reports that he owes large sums to overseas creditors in China and elsewhere, has attacked him for being in the pocket of foreign financial overlords. If that s a lie, there s an easy way to prove it by releasing the returns. This isn t a liberal media witch-hunt: Many Republicans, including supporters like House Speaker Paul Ryan, say he needs to cough them up, and fast. 4. What s the deal with his charitable foundation? Then there s the matter of Trump s sloppily run, and less-than-magnanimous foundation. In expos after expos , Washington Post reporter David Fahrenthold has reported on a pattern of over-promising donations and the misuse of funds (including a quarter-million payment to cover legal fees for Trump s businesses and sports memorabilia) that Trump himself has conceded might be illegal. The problem, yet again, is that Trump has refused to release a comprehensive accounting of his giving, and his surrogates have routinely misstated the magnitude of his generosity, according to the reporting of Fahrenthold and others. 5. Why lie? These days, the polygraph is used sparingly as part of the vetting process for employment, mostly for sensitive national security or law enforcement jobs. If presidential candidates were subjected to that level of scrutiny, the only person allowed on the debate stage at Hofstra would be the technician testing the sound system. But if Trump is to be vetted for the presidency, he needs to be asked not only about individual statements he s made in the past, but his pattern of lying, stretching the truth and bungling facts. Hillary Clinton ( Crooked Hillary in Trump s parlance) it bears repeating, is no saint far from it and her early answers on the email scandal were misleading, bordering on the untruthful, and flat-out lies in the view of GOP congressional investigators. But it s a crowning irony of 2016 that the Republican Party, whose base revolted against its leadership for untruthfulness especially George W. Bush s claims about Iraq would nominate the most brazenly truth-challenged candidate in recent history. (A recitation of Trump s whoppers would take up too much space read POLITICO s comprehensive Donald Trump s Week of Misrepresentations, Exaggerations and Half-Truths for a taste.) In an attempt to defend Trump, buddy Newt Gingrich, who lobbied to be Trump s running mate, tweeted what amounted to an indirect admission that his man has a trouble with all those pesky facts. Clinton, the former speaker wrote, is a fox who knows many things you can fact check. Trump is a hedgehog who knows one big thing But getting the facts right and telling the truth is a big thing. It s the only way citizens will ever look up to, and not down on, their leaders. Authors:
Virginia Republican Wants Schools To Check Children's Genitals Before Using Bathroom
335 SHARES SHARE THIS STORY Republican attacks on transgendered Americans and the religious fight to keep gender a binary delineation took a turn for the bizarre this week when Virginia Republican Mark Cole filed a bill that would force schools to check the genitals of their students in order to ensure that they are using facilities reserved for their anatomical sex: Local school boards shall develop and implement policies that require every school restroom, locker room, or shower room that is designated for use by a specific gender to solely be used by individuals whose anatomical sex matches such gender designation. Such policies may also provide that a student may, upon request, be granted access, to the extent reasonable, to a single stall restroom or shower, a unisex bathroom, or controlled individual use of a restroom, locker room, or shower. Any student who willfully and knowingly violates this section shall be liable for a civil penalty not to exceed $50. Civil penalties assessed under this section shall be paid into the Literary Fund. Any law-enforcement officer may issue a summons regarding a violation of this section. He did not deign to inform us how this would be accomplished, but it s hard to imagine any scenario that did not involve adults inspecting the genitals of children before using the bathroom. Notably, it also provides for stigmatizing transgendered children by isolating them in a single person bathroom, which the Department of Justice ruled in June was a violation of the student s rights. It is a disgusting show of transphobia that has no place in our public schools; the GOP must accept that America is a multi-gendered, multi-ethnic nation, and no amount of perverted laws is going to change that.
PUTIN INTERFERENCE COULD GIVE COURTS LEGAL RIGHT TO MAKE HILLARY PRESIDENT
BREAKING! Liberal rag Huffington Post is really running with this story from The Washington Post about the CIA confirming Russian interference in the presidential election. They re saying if 100% true, the courts can PUT HILLARY IN THE WHITE HOUSE! Scary! From HuffPo: A 1995 federal court ruling out of Pennsylvania may offer some clues to Clinton supporters as to possible legal authority for removing an elected official from office and replacing them with their erstwhile opponent. In light of late-breaking reports Friday evening that Russians interfered with the 2016 presidential election to assist Donald Trump s victory, Clinton supporters are furiously in pursuit of remedies. At 10:45 p.m. Friday evening, the Washington Post broke an explosive story alleging that Russians had interfered with the 2016 presidential election in order to assist Donald Trump in a victory over democratic candidate Hillary Clinton. The story reveals that a CIA assessment detailing this conclusion had been presented to President Obama and top congressional leaders last week. The development has Clinton supporters and other concerned Americans confused and hot in pursuit of potential remedies. No clear constitutional remedy exists to halt the certification of the outcome. Article II of the U.S. Constitution vests Congress with the power to determine the date by which the Electoral College will cast their votes, presently set for December 19. In recent weeks, a massive online movement asking members of the Electoral College to become faithless or conscientious electors and to vote for Clinton instead of Trump has garnered national attention. The electors would be well within their constitutional authority to do so, say groups like Hamilton s Electors, which claims that the purpose of the Electoral College is to prevent demagogues like Mr. Trump from assuming the nation s highest office. A petition urging the Electoral College to make Hillary Clinton president has gained nearly 5 million signatures. Proponents of this strategy are concerned, with good reason, about the likelihood it will succeed. With Donald Trump having won 306 Electoral College votes, 37 Republican electors would need to switch their votes to Clinton, a tall order, and in the event that no one candidate has 270 electoral votes, the decision would go to the Republican-controlled House of Representatives.
Barrels Removed From Clinton Property Contained Parts From 3 Missing Women Freedum Junkshun
Three women who all went missing in the mid-1970s have turned up, at least parts of them, in a steel industrial 55-gallon drum buried on the Clinton estate in Chappaqua, New York. The barrel, which contained the arms, legs and heads of the three women, was filled with what the medical examiner calls a crude preservative. That means that whoever put them in there wanted to be able to visit them later. Investigators were hoping to find the torsos in the second barrel recovered but found nothing but women s shoes inside, all brand new in boxes withy the tags still on them. One investigator called it the weirdest thing he s ever seen. The three women, all of whom were in their late teens or early 20s, were hitchhiking their way from California to New York in 1974 when they disappeared. Their last known location before heading back onto the road was a motel just outside of Little Rock. Is it a coincidence that three pretty young girls who disappeared so long ago from Arkansas ended up dead and buried on a property in upstate New York? It does if you talk to the Clintons PR people: Bill and Hillary Clinton have nothing to do with this and welcome any investigation with open arms. They have offered the DOJ their full cooperation. You people and your conspiracy theories that everyone who dies in America must have had a run-in with Hillary or Bill Clinton need to sit down. Investigators say while they don t yet have enough to charge Bill Clinton, they certainly have enough evidence to question him. When they approached the house to do their jobs, they were met by a team of lawyers and Secret Service personnel and told that unless they have some real evidence, Mr. Clinton was unavailable. They added that he felt really bad for those girls but hoped at least now their families have closure. Clinton will use ignorance and the 5th amendment to once again try to get away with murder.
Massive Bumble Bee Recall After 2 Employees Admit Cooking A Man And Mixing Him With A Batch Of Tuna
On Monday, Bumble Bee Foods and 2 employees were charged by Los Angeles prosecutors with violating safety regulations in the death of a worker who was cooked in an industrial oven with tons of tuna. Jos Melena was performing maintenance in a 35 foot long oven at the company s Santa Fe Springs plant when coworkers loaded it with 12,000 pounds of canned tuna and turned it on. Temperatures reached 270 during a two-hour process to cook and sterilize the tuna. The body of Melena,62, was found when the oven was opened. The company, its plant operations director Angel Rodriguez and former safety manager Saul Florez were each charged with three counts of violating Occupational Safety and Health Administration rules that caused a death. The charges specify that the company and the two men willfully violated rules that require: implementing a safety plan; rules for workers entering confined spaces; and a procedure in place to keep machinery or equipment turned off if somebody is working in. Rodriguez, 63, of Riverside and Florez, 42, of Whittier could face up to three years in prison and fines up to $250,000 if convicted of all charges. Bumble Bee Foods faces a maximum fine of $1.5 million. We remain devastated by the loss of her colleague Jos Melena in the tragic accident, company said in a statement. We disagree with and are disappointed by the charges filed by the Los Angeles Dist. Atty. s office. According to the Associated Press, Florez refused to comment and messages seeking comment from Rodriguez were not immediately returned.
JUST IN TODAY Trey Gowdy Is The NEW DIRECTOR Of The FBI
Republican Rep. Trey Gowdy, who sits on the House Judiciary Committee, suggested in a Friday interview that FBI Deputy Director Andrew McCabe will be forced out at the top law enforcement agency as soon as next week. Gowdy argued that newly released FBI records reveal political bias against President Donald Trump and in favor of Hillary Clinton at the highest levels of the FBI. Gowdy said that McCabe will likely be pushed out of the agency as a result of the perceived bias. "I'll be a little bit surprised if he's still an employee of the FBI this time next week," Gowdy told Fox News of McCabe, adding that he would be "shocked" if McCabe testifies before the House next week. The Washington Post reported last week that Gowdy settled a $150,000 veteran discrimination and retaliation claim from a former aide, who was fired in 2015 from the House Benghazi committee investigating the 2012 attacks in Benghazi, Libya. The aide alleged that he was wrongfully terminated in part for his unwillingness to engage in what he believed was a partisan investigation into Hillary Clinton's time as US secretary of state. Attacks on special counsel Robert Mueller's team of investigators have escalated sharply in recent weeks, culminating in a partisan haranguing of the FBI director last week over the perceived missteps of his predecessor. Conservative and far-right media outlets, already skeptical of Mueller's probe into President Donald Trump's ties to Russia, grew louder in their calls for FBI Director Chris Wray to either clean house or for Mueller to resign. It came after news that two special counsel investigators at one point exhibited perceived political bias. Trump again characterized the criminal justice system as "rigged" during a rally in Florida on Friday, echoing comments he made last weekend following former national security Michael Flynn's guilty plea as part of Mueller's probe. President Donald Trump lamented the state of the FBI, the nation's top law-enforcement agency, shortly before delivering a speech at an FBI graduation ceremony on Friday in Quantico, Virginia. "It's a shame what's happened with the FBI, but we're going to rebuild the FBI. It'll be bigger and better than ever," Trump told reporters before boarding Virginia-bound Marine One on Friday morning. The president also recently described the country's top law-enforcement agency as "in tatters," but a White House spokesman said on Friday that Trump had "full faith and confidence" in the rank-and-file members of the Department of Justice and the FBI. Also on Friday morning, Hogan Gidley, the White House's deputy press secretary, said that recently released FBI records showed "extreme bias" against Trump among leadership at the FBI. Recently disclosed text messages between two FBI agents assigned to the ongoing investigation into Russian interference in the 2016 presidential election and possible collusion with Trump's campaign included a reference to Trump as an "idiot." Both agents are no longer involved in the Russia investigation. Other records revealed edits made to soften the statement of James Comey, then the FBI director, concerning the agency's investigation into Hillary Clinton's use of a private email server while she was secretary of state. Gidley called the records "eye-opening" and "deeply troubling." "There is extreme bias against this president with high-up members of the team there at the FBI who were investigating Hillary Clinton at the time," Gidley told "Fox & Friends" on Friday morning.
BREAKING: Johnny Depp Taken Into Custody By Secret Service
Johnny Depp made a big mistake when he threatened to assassinate President Trump. His little stand-up routine, that wasn t funny, has now landed him in the back of a black SUV on the way to a federal holding facility for questioning. Special Agent Bob Argueta was barking orders at other people at the scene before we enticed him with jerky to give us a statement. Skip Tetheluda, whose jerky has landed more than a few exclusive interviews, says Argueta was told to take Depp deep and dark into the night, make sure they weren t followed and bring him for advanced interrogation. He responded to allegations that this takes a joke by an actor way too far: People just assume he was kidding. What they don t know is that Depp actually had maps and timetables and plans to assassinate President Trump if he ever visited Concord, New Hampshire again, which he certainly would during the 2020 general election season. Depp is a dangerous criminal. Some of the content on his computer indicate he may have been radicalized while he was studying in Muslim waters for his Captain Jack Sparrow role. There you have it. If they found out Depp was a Muslim convert with plans to kill the President he may never see the light of day again. It s difficult to think of our favorite actors as such horrible people sometimes, but Hollywood is just filled with tree-hugging, self-righteous, Prius driving freaks. Comments comments
State Of Minnesota Has Just Handed Over FULL CONTROL To Muslims So They Can Take Down Infidels
There is not a day that goes by that we don t hear about a Muslim terror attack taking place somewhere in our world, but that hasn t stopped leftists from defending them at every opportunity. Those of us that criticize the so-called religion of peace are subjected to ridicule and even being attacked for our belief of how dangerous Muslims are. In Europe, those that speak out against Islam are being imprisoned for their belief. Courts are actually sentencing people for Islam anti-blasphemy laws. While this may be par for the course in Europe right now, it is not the way we roll in America, until now. Minnesota has just established a similar law. Anti-blasphemy laws are a huge victory for Muslims because it ensures their protection and in turn, allows them to continue acting in whatever manner they please all the while marching towards Sharia Law. According to Minneapolis local newspaper, the Star-Tribune, the hotline was set up as a way to target Trump supporters, who Muslims believe are the group of people most likely to harass them. The Star Tribune reported: The city of Minneapolis has set up a hotline for residents to report hate-crime incidents and other acts of intolerance. The service, operated through the city s 311 helpline, is aimed to aid targets of any harassing behaviors motivated by prejudice, according to a city news release issued on Monday. The announcement comes amid signs of a recent surge of such incidents affecting Muslims and Jews across the country, many of which go unreported. Since the general election, many of us have experienced, witnessed firsthand or heard of actions of: racism, xenophobia, sexism and bigotry directed at people here and in cities across the United States, Minneapolis Department of Civil Rights Director Velma Korbel wrote in a statement posted on the city s website. In no uncertain terms, hate-motivated speech and actions have no place in Minneapolis nor will they be tolerated. The city s Department of Civil rights along with mayor is leading the charge for this government-enforced fascism, as this new hotline will now encourage citizens to turn in their neighbors for holding opinions deemed forbidden by the state. This hotline flies right in the face of our United States Constitution, where it goes to the heart of denying American citizens their inalienable rights of the First Amendment, which governments CAN NOT DO. Of course, the rabid liberals controlling the city have little regard for the Constitution or the rights of Americans, as they are using their position to establish a soft version of anti-blasphemy laws. In no uncertain terms, hate-motivated speech and actions have no place in Minneapolis nor will they be tolerated, Minneapolis Department of Civil Rights Director Velma Korbel wrote in a statement posted on the city s website. The Department echoes the unconstitutional sentiments of Minneapolis mayor, Betsy Hodges, who went on to blast President Trump, pushing her insane narrative of there being an epidemic of bigotry and hate in our country since he got into office. She stated: I will not compromise the public safety of the people of Minneapolis to satisfy Trump s desire to put politics before public safety. Minneapolis is being built and strengthened by people from all over the world and I am grateful for their commitment to our city. I stand with them today and will continue to take that stand as the President-elect prepares to take office. The idea of an anti-blasphemy hotline in America is pretty absurd, but right up liberal s alley. Why are they so willing to protect those that would seek to hurt us, don t they want to protect their loved ones? This is only the beginning of the Democrats plans to take control of our country again, but what they don t realize is that everyone will end up suffering if we continue to bow to Muslim s demands. This anti-blasphemy hotline is just the start and will only get worse if we allow it. It is very similar to Nazi Germany s approach in the 1930 s when they started to purge out anyone who was perceived as a threat. Trying to normalize the concept of turning in your neighbor for their opinion is nothing short of chilling and should be looked at as a major threat to our freedom. What do you think? Share this with your friends and family. H/T Freedom Daily
Manager killed 10 employees at checkers on 183st and 27ave
10:30 pm last night police received a call about gun fire in Miami Gardens.Manager killed 10 employees because they was stealing money and tons of supplies.
Paul Ryan: Donald Trump Plans To Resign From Office Within The Next 30 Days
WASHINGTON, D.C. (AP) At a press conference early this morning, House Speaker Paul Ryan announced news of a presidential resignation happening within the next 30 days. Donald Trump plans to step down as President of the United States and resign from office within the next 30 days, Ryan told reporters. Amid the fury of scandals with Russia, the growing criticism from world leaders, the numerous problems his administration and cabinet have had, his lack of care for the environment; Republicans and myself believe this is the best thing to happen, and with some persuasion, Trump has also agreed this was for the best. News of this comes as Russia s hacking and involvement into altering the 2016 Election have become clearer. In addition to this, the F.B.I. announced yesterday that they have discovered Russian property holdings which they believe are owned by Trump, gifted to him by Russian President Vladimir Putin in exchange for weaker exportation restrictions. If the Russian holdings do indeed belong to Trump, this would create a clear conflict of interest and be grounds for immediate impeachment, Washington Analyst Tom Downey said. Washington insiders say the Russian holdings are the main reason that Trump is stepping down, hoping to stay ahead of the problem before his name is further dragged through the mud. Donald Trump took to Twitter , not yet announcing his resignation but hinting at it. We did great things, the best things, but the FAKE NEWS hates great things! I know you ll always remember me as the greatest President EVER! We think this is the best thing, Ryan continued. He has divided this country in more ways than we could have ever imagined. I think Trump meant well, but now it s time for him to do the right thing and step down and that is exactly what he is doing. Vice President Pence will make an excellent President and I look forward to working with him in the near future. After word spread of Trump s impending resignation, Newt Gingerich, who just this week defended Trump for lying, told reporters he is no longer a supporter. I think I was very clear with all of my actions that I never supported Trump and I plan not to do so in the future as well. I never liked the man, never trusted him. Everyone knows that. Now Mike Pence, he s the President that we need, a real straight shooter, one of the good guys. I offer my full support and soul to whatever he needs as our new President. Lloyd Glacier, a spokesman for Sock It Forward , a charity started by Donald Trump, that provides homeless men and women with brand new socks, said he agrees with Trump s plan to resign. This will give Trump more time to focus on his wife and children, and the other loves of his life, whoever those lucky ladies may be. And just a reminder, a big thank you to everyone that has donated to our cause. 100% of your donation goes directly to clothing the homeless with new socks. Socks, for your information, are the least donated but most needed and requested item at homeless shelters around the country. 38-year-old Paul Horner, a Christian mascot who goes by the name Fappy The Anti-Masturbation Dolphin, said he is sad to see Trump go. When I m traveling around the country speaking to Elementary School children about the dangers and consequences of masturbation, I see firsthand the progress that Donald Trump has made in this great Christian nation of ours, Horner said. Trump has been on the front lines of this deadly epidemic since day one, working to put an end to self-rape all over the country. He was only months away from signing legislation that would have made masturbation illegal and now it s all gone. It looks like the heathenish masturbators have won and the Devil is extremely pleased. Just an FYI, you re all going to burn in Hell for eternity, but Jesus loves you very much! Praise Fappy! The Trump Administration has setup a hotline for those wishing to voice any concerns or comments about Trump s impending resignation. That hotline s phone number is (785) 273-0329.
Australia Becomes First Country To Begin Microchipping Its Public
Australia Becomes First Country To Begin Microchipping Its Public Australia may become the first country in the world to microchip its public. NBC news predicted that all Americans would be microchipped by 2017, but it seems Australia may have already beaten them to it. Back in 2010, CBS news reported that the Australian government had a potential RFID microchipping plan in the works related to the health care system. Now, it seems that this plan is beginning to unfold but the push is not a result of mandated health care reforms, but rather a clever propaganda campaign that equates RFID microchipping with becoming superhuman, and people are begging for it. Under the headline Australians embracing super-human microchip technology , Australia s premier media outlet news.com.au (News Corp Australia) reports: It may sound like sci-fi, but hundreds of Australians are turning themselves into super-humans who can unlock doors, turn on lights and log into computers with a wave of the hand. Shanti Korporaal, from Sydney, is at the centre of the phenomenon after having two implants inserted under her skin. Now she can get into work and her car without carrying a card or keys, and says her ultimate goal is to completely do away with her wallet and cards. She told news.com.au: You could set up your life so you never have to worry about any password or PINs it s the same technology as Paypass, so I m hoping you ll be able to pay for things with it. With Opal you get a unique identification number that could be programmed into the chip. Any door with a swipe card it could open your computer, photocopier. Loyalty cards for shops are just another thing for your wallet. The microchips, which are the size of a grain of rice, can act like a business card and transfer contact details to smartphones, and hold complex medical data. In her interview with the Australian news outlet, Shanti claims that her friends and family are envious of her microchip lifestyle: My nana wants one. I ve had more opposition to my tattoos than I ve ever had to the chip. My friends are jealous. In fact, the 27-year-old has noticed a business opportunity and set up a distribution service called Chip My Life with her husband, Skeeve Stevens where for just $80 to $140, people can become so called super humans. On the same day this news story broke, Shanti appeared at Austarlia s launch of the much anticipated cyborg themed video game Deus Ex Mankind Divided, alongside American implantable technology pioneer Amal Graafstra. As you can see, the push for RFID microchipping and assimilating the human population with robots and technology, is something that will most likely be sold to the public as helping them to become super human, but clearly if you become part machine/computer, that means there will be someone who can control that technology. If you think the elites wouldn t capitalize on such an exceptional opportunity to control the population you obviously don t know history very well. Amal Graafstra, who became one of the world first RFID implantees back in 2005, just made headlines recently in the US with a prototype of the world s first implant-activated smart gun and is a huge proponent for this new technology. He s written a book, spoken at TEDx and also appeared in a number of documentaries. In an interview with the Australian media outlet, Amal explained that the technology he has implanted into his body has given me the ability to communicate with machines. It s literally integrated into who I am. Shanti has bought into the culture that dominates society today, which is one dominated by the fantasy of super heroes that mesmerizes the population at theaters all across the globe. Ever since watching movies like the Terminator, Matrix and Minority Report I wondered if we could actually live like that. I always wondered why we all weren t living as super-humans . Click to WATCH: Australia Becomes First Country To Begin Microchipping Its Public
Trump Has The Legal Right To Cancel SCOTUS Because They Serve At His Pleasure
During a Monday press conference that media outlets were banned from airing, White House Press Secretary Sean Spicer announced that the president was sending thoughts and prayers to the victims of an alleged terrorist attack in London and to the families of seven dead U.S. sailors. Spicer defended the ban on broadcasting the briefing by noting that President Donald Trump had already appeared on camera on Monday for several minutes, although he took no questions. Spicer also said that the president had confidence in all the members of the Justice Department, including Special Counsel Robert Mueller, who is reportedly investigating the president for obstruction of justice. He also insisted that Trump has the power to fire Mueller if necessary. If you serve at the pleasure of the president, you serve at the pleasure of the president, he said. That is a fact. Asked by several reporters to clarify the full extent of the president s power, or in other words, its limitations if they exist Spicer argued that the Constitution clearly states what the President of the United States can and cannot do. However, he added, one must also recognize the fact that our Constitution was written quite a while ago and, as such, isn t ideal when it comes to facing the issues that plague the American society nowadays. One of those issues is also the limit of the president s power. Just like our language and many other things that are typically American, our Constitution is also a living thing that changes and evolves as time goes by. And if it doesn t do so on its own, then it has us, the people of America, to help it. However, seeing how the people already have more than enough on their plate these days, the president has decided not to bother you folks with such boring decisions. Spicer continued, As a result, the president of the country nowadays has very different legal and executive abilities than those of many of his predecessors, especially some of the first ones like George Washington or Thomas Jefferson. As a matter of fact, in order to be able to deal with the problems of today, which vary incredibly compared to ones that existed when the Constitution was written, Donald Trump has incomparably more power than any other president in the history of our country. In other words, there s a real need to follow the aforementioned if you serve at the pleasure of the president, you serve at the pleasure of the president rule. For example, President Trump not only has the power to fire Robert Mueller; he also has the legal ability and right to cancel and disband the Supreme Court of the United States as well, should he feel the need for it. And no one could argue with such a decision. This is something that s necessary in order to cope with the daily problems and disasters that go with the territory of living in a technologically advanced time. To make things perfectly clear once again: this is not something that s exclusive to just Donald Trump; whoever succeeds him as president will also have a slightly higher level of power, because this power is linked to the position, not the man in the position. It is today a requirement as much as it is a logical order of events. It is important that we evolve with the times and not be stuck in the past while everyone else goes past us. We need to retain the proactively flexible approach to life that has been our trademark for so long. That goes especially for interpreting the Constitution of the United States, Spicer concluded./politicops.com Comments comments
The Democrat James Comey Has Been Having An Affair With Was JUST REVEALED! (DETAILS) Freedum Junkshun
As we promised, Freedom Crossroads has just learned the identity of the Democrat James Comey has been having an affair with for at LEAST the last 8 months, it s none other than the DISGRACED former Chair of the DNC, Debbie Whiny Democrat Wasserman Schultz talk about a match made in Heave errrrr Hell! These two dimwits were probably attracted to each other because they are both LOSERS who can t accept defeat, but that doesn t really differentiate them from the rest of the crybaby Democrat Party, now does it? BREAKING: James Comey s Affair Interfered With The Clinton Investigation According to our exclusive sources, Comey and Wasserman Schultz met while both working for the government, and despite the fact that both of them are married, they couldn t put aside their lust for each other and decided to have an affair. Not exactly shocking, considering they re two liberal sickos and we all know, ANYTHING goes for them. And now we all know the REAL reason that the sad ex-FBI Director Comey is trying to attack Donald Trump to impress his GIRLFRIEND! Pathetic. The staff at Freedom Crossroads is working diligently around the clock to bring you more details about the newest salacious tryst. Stay tuned! BREAKING: Barrels Removed From Clinton Property Contained Parts From 3 Missing Women
War on Christmas Obama orders ban on Christmas cards to military
Obama s military command will prevent delivery of Christmas cards being sent from families to their servicemen loved ones overseas spokesmen for The Pentagon said today. The White House claims that traditional Christmas greetings wish will upset Muslims in host countries and will have to convicted and returned to the sender. Per executive order,all overseas military mail will be monitored for references to Christmas, Jesus Christ, or pork products which are known to offend Muslims. An Army Veteran who reached out to Fox News said Pentagon leadership is hypersensitive to anyone who says they feel like their rights are being violated. It s extremely frustrating, the soldier said. The U.S. Military is living in fear of radical Muslims. The soldier, who asked not to be identified because he feared being disciplined or assaulted my Muslims, said many people are furious over the censorship . If soldiers cannot speak the name of God, let alone Christ, what are we fighting for? he asked. I ve towed the company line for years but this has pushed me too far to sit quietly while personal liberties are trampled upon. The soldier said in recent months they have been reminded that they cannot proselytize and they cannot share their faith say anything nice about Jesus or Christianity. We are strongly discouraged from having any kind of Christian items on our desks or in our offices, he said Texas-based Liberty Institute sent a demand letter to the White House, insisting they immediately drop this policy which allows a generic greeting but disallows references to Christmas, which is officially recognized as a national holiday under federal law. Liberty Institute s Director of Litigation, Hyman Stratcher, responded in a statement, Obama is once again engaging in unlawful religious discrimination. It is shameful that the military continues to censor religious speech in Christmas cards while allowing atheists,gays, and satanists to send porn,drugs,electronic cigarettes,or any other ungodly thing they want. Imam Al-Suq Akweer of the Islamic Friendship Coalition applauded the move as a step in the right direction in the quest for improved Islamic relations. Disbelievers are trying to draw Muslims away from the straight path .he said, Christmas Day and associated celebrations are among the falsehoods for a Muslim to avoid.A Muslim is neither allowed to celebrate the Christmas Day nor is he allowed to congratulate them.Americans on Muslim soil must learn to abide by our customs to ensure peaceful relations. The ban will go into effect December 15th.Military personnel will be given handbooks to explain what can and cannot be sent from home.
White People Have Suffered More In The Last 8 Years Than Blacks Did During Couple Years Of Slavery
On Sunday, ex-Rep. Michelle Bachmann spoke with Breitbart News about the protests outside of a Donald Trump campaign stop in Minneapolis, claiming that the protesters acted violently toward Trump supporters. Bachmann argued that President Obama has sanctioned violence, as long it protects the people favorable to the Obama position, politically. She insisted that the president is sending a signal to Donald Trump supporters: Don t attend Donald Trump events because you could be physically assaulted. She also linked the Obama administration s lawlessness to the incident in Minneapolis, claiming that Obama has effectively condoned violence against conservatives and white people, leaving normal people helpless in the face of anarchy. And these days it has become so obvious that I m honestly surprised we re not having riots throughout the country, she said. When did this become a nation of criminals? I didn t get that memo. And if you look at it, if you just take a look at how many white people and conservative people have suffered because of violence in the past 8 years alone, it will become very clear that this is something only a highly powerful apparatus is capable of organizing. You know, the kind of apparatus we like to call the Obama administration. I m not sure what other Americans are thinking, but as for me, I feel like the last 8 years were the absolute worst time to be white in America. The ex-Rep. then argued that not even slaves suffered as much as white people are being targeted nowadays. It s true, once it was also terribly inconvenient to be black in this country. And yes, African-Americans have suffered greatly at the hand of white people, I m not going to try to deny that. But one thing must be very clear we re supposed to be all evolved right now, we re supposed to have learned from our mistakes. That means that there should be no more racial tensions in America at all. And yet, what is our president doing? He s protecting those who want to hurt white people, as you ve seen in Minneapolis. In fact, Bachmann continued firing, I don t think all of the suffering of African-Americans during the period of slavery can ever equate to what s been done to white conservative Americans in the past 8 years of Obama s presidency. She added, Because, let s face it, during that time, we ve had the Supreme Court s decision to legalize same-sex marriage, we ve had countless terrorist attacks, we ve had many racial killings and crimes and we ve had several small-scale revolutions in some of America s major cities. Is that the legacy President Obama wants to be remembered by? Does he really want to go down in history as the man who created a gap between black people and white people? Judging by his actions during his presidency, I m guessing he does. And let s get one thing straight I m not just saying this because I happen to be white. No, even if I were Asian or Hindu or Martian, whatever, I d be saying the same thing all over again, Bachmann quipped. That s what I m trying to point out white people in America have gone through so much in the last 8 years as a race that I m seriously worried whether or not we ll still be around come 2025. Because, at the rate we re going, all we need is another black president four years from now and we ll be done, just like that. Muslims are coming in on one side, foreigners from the other, a black president on yet another white people today have been reduced to something even worse off than slaves. And that s just one step away from extinction, Bachmann concluded./politicot.com Comments comments
Paul Ryan: 22 Million Americans Choose To Be Poor, So It s Their Own Problem If They Can t Afford To Be Healthy
House Speaker Paul Ryan (R-WI) this week disputed reports that 22 million people would lose insurance under the Republican health care plan. During an interview that aired on Tuesday, Fox News host Brian Kilmeade asked Ryan to respond to a recent Congressional Budget Office (CBO) report that said there would be 22 million more people without health insurance by 2026 if the Senate s version of the health care bill is signed into law. What they are basically saying at the Congressional Budget Office, if you re not going to force people to buy Obamacare, if you re not going to force people to buy something they don t want, then they won t buy it, the Speaker opined. So, it s not that people are getting pushed off a plan, it s that people will choose not to buy something that they don t like or want. Kilmeade then asked Ryan to comment on the fact that the Republican health care platform is going to make health insurance plans significantly less affordable by decreasing subsidies for poorer Americans. Ryan replied by ranting about how being poor is a choice. This is something we ve been over on more than once occasion, Ryan said. I know why you re asking me this; you want me to feel guilty for depriving 22 million people of health insurance, right? Well, I m sorry Brian, but it s not working. And the reason why it s not working is, you re using the wrong logic here. You re using the wrong logic alongside millions of other Americans, because all of you feel that those who get up every day and work hard for some reason owe something to those who just lie around doing nothing. That s not right. Why should anybody who has the willpower to tackle problems and obstacles in order to provide a good life for themselves and their family be obligated to set aside some of their hard earned money to help other people who don t want to work hard and, instead, rely on policymakers to ensure they have welfare or, in this case, affordable health insurance? Ryan opined. The answer is they shouldn t. This is a land of opportunities; but, the thing is, to be able to capitalize on those opportunities, one has to be willing to work hard. And that s the only condition, working hard. If you work your butt off every single day, you can afford whatever you want, including the best health insurance possible. Now we arrive at my ultimate point: if you choose to work hard, if that s a choice you make every time you wake up in the morning, then this is something that guarantees your success. But, if you choose to be lazy all day and expect the government to take care of you, then you re doomed. Being rich or poor is a matter of choice; that s all there is to it. So, let me ask you this, Brian: if 22 million people consciously make the choice to not work hard day in and day out, why on earth should the rest of us be concerned with whether or not they re going to be healthy? If they choose to be poor, then it s their own problem if they can t afford to be healthy. Think of the message we d be sending to poor people around the world by nurturing laziness and providing affordable healthcare to poor people. We d be sending them an open invitation to come here and do nothing. Just come on over and become a U.S. citizen the government will get you free food, free shelter and free health insurance, and you don t even have to get a job. That s preposterous, anyone who thinks that s a good thing deserves to be poor, he concluded.
Obama Goes To G20 Summit
62.1k SHARES Share Obama is a shadow president that will not leave the current administration alone. He has been doing everything he can to mess up what Trump is doing. And being a liberal elite, he can get away with it. Everywhere President Donald Trump goes, Obama shows up too. A little odd, no? This concerning practice has gotten on the last nerve of the Trump administration and it shows that they are concerned with what Obama is trying to do. Obama needs to realize that he is no longer the president, no matter how much he wants to be. Obama first went to Italy when Trump was there to try to disrupt what was going on there. Does he not know when to give up? It seems like now is as good a time as any. Obama s administration is currently under investigation for many criminal actions they did while in office. Maybe he wants to try to deflect all of the negative press about him to Trump, like he so often does. But this last on was truly an Obama move. The liberal media has been attacking the Trump administration for the hotel accommodations snafu that caused them to be without a hotel for awhile. But as it turns out, that was actually the Obama administration s problem, not Trumps. So he is getting blamed for something that is clearly not his fault yet again. That is what conservatives have gotten used to over the years. Apparently liberals can do no wrong. When will the mainstream media report on that? The funny thing, a White House official said, is that the United States delegation probably also would not have had hotel rooms if Hillary Clinton had become president. It was already too late by Election Day. But I bet even if Hillary had to sleep in a youth hostel, he went on, no one in the press would say it was her staffs fault. That is the double standard that we have to live with as Americans and it will not get any better. What do you think about this whole mess? (h/t Young Conservatives)
CNN Host Fareed Zakaria Calls For Jihad Rape Of White Women TEO info
Fareed Zakaria, CNN host of Foreign Affairs, a program focusing on international events, has in his private blog called for the merciless rape of white females by Islamic minority groups shortly after openly gloating over the rise in premature deaths of white males in his article in The Washington Post. Zakaria s blog post unapologetically calls to increase the death rate of white Middle America by systematically targeting Caucasian females. The white race is rightfully failing because it is a foolish, arrogant, and self-absorbed ethnicity that has racism infused into its very genes. While the sharp incline of the death rate of white males is a good start, the solution to the white question will not be reached until there is a sharp decline in the population of white females as well. Much more needs to be done in this regard if this country is ever to advance from its ignorant backwardness towards being an actually inhabitable nation. Thankfully, the Prophet Muhammad has given us a foolproof way to speed up the decline of a vanquished nation by treating their women as our sex slaves. They may try and fight the unstoppable tide, but their resistance will grow only weaker as the white race loses its ability to keep its head above water. We may yet see some final convulsions before white Middle America is decreased to a manageable number where it can be more easily controlled. The blog post was removed from Zakaria s blog within a few hours, after it began to receive negative attention. CNN officials have refused to take action against their employee, stating that there was no evidence of hate speech or racism in Zakaria s writings because he only targeted whites and not minorities. Some people are just being too sensitive, a CNN representative said in defense of Zakaria, adding that someone s hurt feelings should not inhibit our right to free speech. Every death of a white person brings tears of joy to my eyes, Zakaria posted on his Twitter account shortly after having to remove his blog post, in what is believed to be a passive-aggressive response to his critics. While many have indeed expressed emotional pain and fear after reading his controversial statements, no apology has been heard from Zakaria or CNN at the time of this writing. source: redherald
White House Chef Quits Because Trump Has Only Eaten Fast Food For 6 Months The Halfway Post
Following the recent resignation of Director of the Office of Government Ethics Walter Shaub Jr., the Trump Administration has unexpectedly accepted another resignation: White House Chef Lisa Mead. Mead reportedly decided to resign because President Donald Trump hasn t utilized her culinary talents even once the entire time he has been living in the White House. It s kind of crazy because Lisa is such a good chef, said Kurt Reno, the White House aide who recommended Ms. Mead for the job. But Lisa feels insulted because the President has ordered fast food for literally every single meal he s eaten in D.C. The only food-related duty Lisa has done for the past six months is retrieve Trump s orders from drive-through windows and scoop the President s ice cream from the carton. Mr. Trump s favorite fast food choices are reportedly Kentucky Fried Chicken and McDonalds, and he eats his fried chicken, burgers, and fries with a knife and fork according to a White House staffer who requested anonymity to avoid consequences from leaking about the President s eating habits to the press. It s borderline creepy, the staffer said. The first thing Trump does with his fried chicken is pick off all the skin from every piece like he s dissecting the chickens with a scalpel or something, and then he puts it all in a pile. Then he cuts off all the lean meat and throws it away, leaving just the pieces of fat which he then eats individually with pieces of the crispy skin he peeled off. It s gotta be a warning sign of a serial killer or something. Mr. Trump s McDonalds habits are even weirder. He orders the same thing every time, said the staffer. He orders two big macs, a large fry, a diet coke of course, and an M&M McFlurry that he has Lisa dig out and remove every brown M&M, and then he makes her dump out half of the ice cream and fill it back up with extra M&M s. Then he cuts off pieces of his big macs and dips them in the McFlurry so every bite has ice cream and chocolate on it. He dips his fries, still with a fork, in the diet coke as if it were a condiment. The sight of this never gets normal. When Japanese Prime Minister Shinzo Abe saw this routine he threw up. No wonder Chef Lisa Mead quit. The Halfway Post wishes her good luck on her future endeavors. (Photo courtesy of Shelby Bell.) Share this: Twitter Facebook Google
Oscar Pistorious commits suicide in Prison City Herald
PRETORIA South African Paralympic gold medallist, Oscar Pistorious hanged himself in his prison cell where he was serving a jail term for the murder of Reeva Steenkamp, prison officials said on Saturday. Pistorious, 30, was a celebrated Olympian and Paralympic gold medalist before fatally shooting his girlfriend Reeva on Valentine s Day in 2013. He was convicted of the killing and sentenced to 6 years in prison a year ago. Staff at the Atteridgeville Correctional Centre in Pretoria, found Pistorious hanging in his prison cell at 5:30 am local time on Sunday. He was taken to a nearby hospital, where he was pronounce dead an hour later. Mr. Pistorious hanged himself utilizing a bed sheet that he attached to his cell window, the state corrections commission said in a statement. Mr. Pistorious also attempted to block his door from the inside by jamming the door with various items. His body has since been deposited at the morgue awaiting autopsy. Loading... Comments comments
"The 2nd Amendment Was Written Before Guns Were Invented"
Gretchen Carlson is renewing her push for an AR-15 ban, firing off a series a tweets further criticizing AR-15. Breitbart News reported that Carlson said that AR-15s are not needed to hunt or kill deer and suggested they only serve to enable terrorists to carry out their attacks with greater efficiency. She quoted a December 2015 poll showing majority support for an assault weapons ban and said, I m with the majority today, taking a stand. Interestingly, when confronted by Second Amendment supporters on Twitter, Carlson doubled down on her pro-ban stance, claiming that the fact that you re even using the Second Amendment as an argument against banning assault weapons shows me you re ignorant. Don t you know the 2nd Amendment was written before guns were even invented? Asked to comment on her tweets, Carlson told Breitbart News that at one point, I even asked myself what was the use of trying to prove why assault rifles are bad to these people when they clearly don t possess the most fundamental knowledge of history? I felt like I was trying to teach nuclear physics to someone who s illiterate. I mean, we have Google and the Internet today. How hard was it to Google the 2nd Amendment of the Constitution of the United States? I mean, really. And what worried me even more, she continued, was the fact that it seemed like every single person that replied to my tweet was under the impression that they were right and I was wrong. So, I m sitting there, thinking, Ooookaaay, someone obviously wasn t paying attention during history class a lot of someones, apparently hmm, they must have been distracted by thinking about how they were off emptying 30 rounds into some innocent animal. Carlson also added, I mean, I know the education in our country isn t the best in the world, but I figured we d at least be able to each our kids the basics like math and history. But, I guess I was wrong. What s the next thing I m going to hear, that we somehow went to the Moon and that Elvis Presley is dead? Come on, I m not buying it. Like, I can understand about the Second Amendment and maybe something else that happened way, way back, but the King being dead? I really don t know who would believe that. Just last night I saw him on YouTube. You know YouTube? He was performing in Vegas and there were thousands of bearded and longhaired men in the audience, so it must have been a beard convention or something. I swear, sometimes I don t believe how stupid Americans can be, she said. 31.4k SHARES Share Tweet Comments comments
A Hollywood Star Is Moving To Canada Because Of President Trump
Many Hollywood celebrities announced that they will move in another country if Donald Trump won the elections. Well, the elections were held 7 months ago and he won, but no celebrity kept the promise. However, singer Cher may be the first to move to Canada because of the President. As Trump announced he wants to change the Obamacare, she took it to Twitter to express her anger. Via Clear Politics .@cher took to Twitter to blast AHCA saying its passage threatens to cut funding to treat her asthma. Fox News (@FoxNews) May 5, 2017 #TRUMPCARE IS SURVIVAL OF THE FITTEST HEALTHCARE HUGE GIVE AWAY 4 THE RICHEST 2% OF AMERICANS DONT BELIEVE REPUBLICANS,THEY DIDNT READ BILL Cher (@cher) May 5, 2017 TRUMP HAD TO DO HEALTHCARE FIRST,BECAUSE HE NEEDED 1 TRILLION HE STOLE FROM POOR, SICK,& DYING,2 GIVE TAX CUTS TO TOP 2% Cher (@cher) May 5, 2017 Cher is one of the many leftist famous people who constantly attack President Donald Trump. A lot of those stars have attempted to fit in the world of politics in order to defend themselves , but in most of the cases, they had no significant success, but rather ended up making a fool out of themselves. During the presidential race, a lot of them promised to leave the country if Trump was elected, but not a single one of them stuck to the promised. All they want to achieve is make everyone share the same opinions they do, which is pretty contradictory to their liberal beliefs that everyone has the right of personal opinion, different than the others. On the other hand, the conservative ideology is still widely present across the USA, which makes things even more difficult for them. Apparently, it would have been way better if they all simply moved to Canada. Now, they forgot what their real job is, and they take every chance to bash our President. Americans are beginning to feel nervous about and dislike it.
Russian Mansions Obama Seized Were Meant To Be Illegal Gifts To Sasha And Malia News Feed Hunter
Well, well, well it looks like Obummer wasn t actually trying to punish Russia for anything after all (since there s nothing to punish them FOR) he was actually just trying to get a couple of free mansions for his brats while kissing up to his ignorant base of drooling libtards. After a breaking story about the scandal hit Russian news, multiple sources have confirmed the story. The Obama Administration originally said he was taking the properties in order to punish Russia for meddling in the 2016 election, but that was just a clever ruse to fool the sheeple. To make it look legitimate, he also sanctioned two Russian intelligence services and gave 35 government officials 72 hours to leave the United States. But that was not what any of this was really about. It never is simple or transparent with the criminal Democrats. Obummer s power play was just a last ditch effort to grab as much free stuff as possible before the door hit him on his corrupt behind on the way out. Once again, we re really sorry that the poor Obama girls won t each get a free mansion to trash with their drug, rape and thugs parties. Too bad for you two entitled brats, but maybe you should consider getting a REAL JOB because your days of stealing from hardworking taxpaying Americans are OVER. This is a developing story. Please check back for updates on this breaking scoop.
Barack Obama Tweets SICK Attack On John McCain, Says He Should Have Died
Barack Obama is a sick human being unfit for any political office past, present, or future. Just like ultra left-wing Bernie Sanders supporter Caitlin Johnstone, Obama (Barry Soetoro as he was known in college while he was doing sexual favors for old men to get cocaine money) attacked a recovering John McCain viciously Wednesday night then deleted the tweet like a coward. John McCain is NOT a war hero, our Muslim former President said, adding that if there were any god in heaven the Senator would have died from his brain tumor. Obama had previously tweeted out wellwishings at 8:49 p.m. and apparently accidentally sent his REAL feelings (seemingly intended for a private message) which he quickly hid from the world. The tweet was deleted within two minutes but was already shared by more than 73,000 liberals who want nothing more than to see someone who has served our country die in agony.He even brought God s name into it. Obama has repeatedly attacked our servicemen for more than eight years, doing more damage to them than ISIS and al Qaeda combined according to a study done by the Freedom Coalition for Conservative Values You have to realize that liberals like Obama pledged themselves to Satan long ago and are nothing but a bunch of idiot lowlifes. Meanwhile, President Trump tweeted his thoughts and prayers to McCain because they are Christians who love everyone even if they have had their differences in the past: Melania and I send our thoughts and prayers to Senator McCain, Cindy, and their entire family. pic.twitter.com/SO4XYgnyug President Trump (@POTUS) July 20, 2017 It s up to us to stand with our CHRISTIAN President Trump and oppose the liberal hatred, to continue fighting to MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN. SOURCE
Breaking Crew Of Air Force One Refuses To Fly Obama 6000 Miles Just To Play Golf
After eight years of flying to Chicago for White Castle burgers, bringing Michelle Obama to LA for the afternoon for a hair appointment and taking the Obama girls to a park they like in San Fransisco to walk the dog on the government dime, the crew of the famed Air Force One has said enough
Wasserman Schultz Going To Mental Hospital After What She Did Overnight Desperate To Escape Arrest
The biggest story this week was the arrest of Pakistani Muslim and longtime aide of Debbie Wasserman Schultz, Imran Awan. Earlier this year, Awan and his two other brothers were caught trying to leave the country with stolen laptops that contained top secret information from various congressmen. Shortly, after the brothers were arrested a criminal investigation commenced and Imran realized that he was going to go to jail for a very long time. In his attempt to avoid facing justice, Awan tried to flee the country but was picked up by police at the Dulles International Airport. This, of course, is scandalous, to say the least, and it was turned up another few notches after Imran hired his lawyer. The lawyer that was hired to defend Imran was no other but a close Clinton family associate and lawyer Chris Gowen. Here is more from Conservative Review: In 2012, Gowen went to bat for Hillary Clinton aide Huma Abedin, whose family is deeply connected to the Muslim Brotherhood. After GOP reps explored Abedin s nefarious ties, Gowen pledged to stand with Huma. Along with his private practice, the longtime Clinton aide is also an adjunct professor at American University Washington College of Law, where he teaches courses on legal ethics and law practice management. Gowen s Clinton connections are intriguing on another level, given that Awan s employer in the House, Rep. Debbie Wasserman Schultz, remains a close Clinton confidant. The former Democratic National Committee chair resigned from her position after emails surfaced alleging she attempted to tip the scales of the Democratic primary in Clinton s favor. Wasserman Schultz was also the 2008 campaign co-chair of Hillary Clinton s first failed run for president. Reading this you would think that the mainstream media would be reporting this story non-stop, but that has not occurred at all. In fact, ABC, NBC, and CBS have dedicated a whopping 37 seconds to this political scandal. Of course, that seems ludicrous, but it is obvious that the mainstream media does not want to get to the bottom of this at all. However, that has not stopped Americans from pressing for more information, and the heat is getting Debbie Wasserman Schultz. Now, they are reports that Debbie is not fairing well, and has been an absolute wreck since Imran s arrest. Also, there are calls for Debbie to testify before Congress growing louder, and it seems that she is about to cave. Here is more from Conservative Fighters: Debbie Wasserman Schultz employed Pakistani IT staffers and brothers who were paid over $4 million dollars over the course of their employment even though they were accused of a cyber-security breach. Imran Awan was arrested as he attempted to flee the U.S. after wiring approximately $300,000 to Pakistan. Fox News is the only cable network covering this huge scandal. When Imran Awan was arrested he was carrying $12,000 in cash on him. His wife was carrying $12,000 of cash when she fled the country too. Imran and his Muslim brothers, Abid and Jamal accessed unauthorized computers while acting as IT specialists. The three brothers were making $161,000, $165,000, and $160,000 and one of the brothers has a criminal background. Word has it that Debbie Wasserman Schultz is an absolute wreck since Imran Awan was arrested. Calls for her to testify to Congress are increasingly growing as well. Wasserman Schultz knows she s in hot water over this IT scandal. The Gateway Pundit previously reported the FBI seized smashed hard drives belonging to Imran Awan. We also reported that Debbie Wasserman Schultz threatened the chief of the U.S. Capitol Police with consequences for holding equipment that she says belonged to her in order to build a criminal case against a Pakistani IT staffer suspected of massive cyber security breaches. It is rather clear in watching the video that Debbie Wasserman Schultz has something to hide. Since, why would she threaten the police if there was nothing in the equipment that could point back to her or the Clinton s? John Cardillo reports, Florida politicos who have known Wasserman Schultz for years are telling me she s a nervous wreck, barely able to function since Imran Awan s arrest. FL politicos who have known @DWStweets for years are telling me she's a nervous wreck, barely able to function, since #ImranAwan's arrest. John Cardillo (@johncardillo) July 27, 2017 Then someone witnessed Wasserman Schultz in the midst of an epic meltdown in public. Is it possible that Wasserman Schultz is realzing that the DNC is crumbling all around her now? MELTDOWN: From trusted source @DWStweets seen screaming at teen daughter today in public over a 2$ purse pic.twitter.com/i7Y0RI9c8S Jim Hoft (@gatewaypundit) July 28, 2017 Establishment Media Refuse To Cover House IT Scandal Rocking Democrats pic.twitter.com/QoknOsz3C8 The Daily Caller (@DailyCaller) July 27, 2017 This is why alternative news is exploding over the traditional sources of media. The mainstream media is refusing to cover this story but will report the fake Russian collusion story, and President Trump s ban on transgenders in the military. They will do anything they can to stop the real truth of what is happening in our government to be revealed. Debbie Wasserman Schultz holds the key to many answers that the American people deserve to know. Hopefully, by keeping the pressure on Wasserman Schultz she will crack and we can get to the bottom of the DNC corruption once and for all. SHARE IF YOU WANT THE TRUTH EXPOSED!
ELECTORAL COLLEGE ELECTOR COMMITS SUICIDE TO AVOID VOTING FOR DONALD TRUMP
Detroit, MI | A Michigan elector, in a surge of despair at the election of Donald Trump to the US presidency, has taken his life late last night. The 47-year-old man, who leaves behind his wife and six children, took his own life to avoid voting for Donald Trump during the Electoral College that will swear the next president-elect this week. A letter he wrote before taking his own life explains the reasons for his apparent suicide. I do not want to carry the burden of Trump s election on my shoulders, so for the greater good of my children and future generations, I am doing what I believe is best for my country and I hope others will follow in my footsteps Jeremy Hashville A tragic end According to the Detroit City Coroner s report, the last moments of Mr. Hashville would have been excruciating painful . The deceased would have first attempted to take his life by swallowing 36 laxative tablets that he possibly mistook for antidepressants describes the 236 pages report. Despite intolerable intestinal pain, the man then threw himself in front of a bus after literally throwing himself from the balcony of his apartment on the sixth floor but would have miraculously survived, commented James Arnold of the Detroit Police. The deceased would have finally covered his own body with gasoline before succumbing to his injuries after lighting himself on fire by inserting his head into the family microwave, he concluded about the tragic death. Jeremy Hashville was a member of an anti-Trump movement trying to convince 37 major voters of the Grand Old Party to abandon their candidate, forcing the US House of Representatives to choose a new president among the Republicans.
Donald Trump Dead From A Fatal HEART ATTACK!
Donald Trump was pronounced dead this morning following what some are describing as a violent heart attack. The world famous businessman and TV personality was previously treated for minor cardio vascular issues that followed a mild course of antibiotics. Fans have already taken to social media to express their emotions with hash tags #RIPTRUMP #TRUMPRIP #TRUMP4EVER. Donald s family and friends have asked to be left alone by all press and media at this present time. PLEASE SHARE THIS ARTICLE TO INFORM EVERYONE OF THE SAD LOSS OF DONALD TRUMP. source
Koran And Holy Bible Are The Same
On Monday the Bishop Of Rome addressed Catholic followers regarding the dire importance of exhibiting religious tolerance. During his hour-long speech, a smiling Pope Francis was quoted telling the Vatican s guests that the Koran, and the spiritual teachings contained therein, are just as valid as the Holy Bible. Jesus Christ, Mohammed, Jehovah, Allah. These are all names employed to describe an entity that is distinctly the same across the world. For centuries, blood has been needlessly shed because of the desire to segregate our faiths. This, however, should be the very concept which unites us as people, as nations, and as a world bound by faith. Together, we can bring about an unprecedented age of peace, all we need to achieve such a state is respect each others beliefs, for we are all children of God regardless of the name we choose to address him by. We can accomplish miraculous things in the world by merging our faiths, and the time for such a movement is now. No longer shall we slaughter our neighbors over differences in reference to their God. FOR ENTIRE ARTICLE CLICK LINK
Mom applies a remedy to her baby, moments later he dies. Be careful with this, moms!
It might be hard to believe, after all, many of us had used Vick VapoRub. It seems like a harmless ointment, effective for fever, nasal congestion, and many other affections. But this case will make people question its use, especially moms and dads with small children because it could bring fatal consequences to them. A Mexican mother tells her tragedy to warn other parents and avoid someone else going through what she s living: the loss of her 2-years-old baby. When she came back from work, she came into her baby s room. When she got near to kiss him, she felt he had a fever. She imagined it was just a common cold and thought about a home remedy to relieve him. She rubbed Vick VapoRub on his chest, back, and under his nose to help him breathe. She tucked him up and laid down next to him. She was tired, so she fell asleep next to her baby. Hours later, when she woke up, she noticed her son wasn t breathing. She carried him and took it to the hospital to save him. But, sadly, everything was pointless, the baby had been dead for hours. The medical report stated the child died due to inflammation in the respiratory track, produced by the camphor contained in the famous ointment. She never imagined that home remedy would take his baby. She only wanted to help him breathe, and the ointment did exactly the opposite. The thing is, this remedy is effective for adults; however, for babies younger than two years old, the ointment increases the mucus by 60%. The mucus accumulates on the trachea and blocks the breathing. The label warns the ointment is contraindicated for children younger than 3 years old. Sadly, in the case of the Mexican mother, the warning went unnoticed. Using home remedies for several affections is something common in homes around the world, but we hope this story draw attention to this fact: when children are concerned, we must always read the labels and ask for the advice of experts before using any home remedy. We must not let a simple mistake take our loved ones; we must be careful and seek medical advice to treat any illness.
Bill Murray Had This to Say About Rochester, New Hampshire Residents News Daily 12
ROCHESTER, New Hampshire During a radio interview this morning, Hollywood actor Bill Murray took a moment to praise Rochester, New Hampshire residents who had helped him with a mechanical issue with his rental car as he passed through the city recently: We were just leaving the city limits of Rochester, New Hampshire when the damn car overheated or something so I pulled it over to the side of the road and within just a minute or two there were a couple of cars that pulled over to help me out. I told them that I was on the phone with the rental car company but one of them had a brother who owned a tow truck and a few minutes later it was there and he towed it to a place nearby to get fixed. So then the one guy finds out that I m not from there and offers to take me in to get lunch while my car is getting fixed and I m thinking, Sure, what the hell. So we drove to the finest dining spot in Rochester some place called Wild Willy s and get a burger. Great freakin burger too. These guys had no idea who I was either which made my day, honestly. I m telling you, these people in Rochester are the real deal. I m gonna move there after I retire, Murray said with a laugh. Murray added later, You have to understand, this is something that would ve never happened in L.A.! So yeah, that s my story about Rochester. It s nice to know there are still places like this in America. photo by David Shankbone / CC BY 2.0 / cropped Share this on Facebook: Facebook
WE WILL RIOT Michelle Obama s Mom Will Receive 160k Every Year Out Of Taxpayers Pockets
This amount of corruption is a next level thing that we haven t seen portrayed this nonchalantly before. Namely, Michelle Obama s mom failed to earn a pension that s three times the amount of an average American family s whole income! It appears to be that just as Barack, the rest of the Obama s never intended on getting jobs as us, the regular folks, because they got the chance to live on the backs of honest and hard working Americans that pay taxes. Congress just announced the most stupid, unexplained and unethical waste of taxpayer money prepared by no other than Obama. First Grandma Marian Robinson, 79, will get a big fat check for a lifetime worth 160K government pension when she takes off the White House next year, as concluded by congressional budget statements. As concluded in documents obtained through the Freedom of Information Act (FOIA), Mrs. Robinson got to be eligible for the lifetime pension for services rendered as full-time/in-home caregiver for granddaughters Malia, 18, and Sasha, 15, during President Obama s eight years in office. Michelle Obama s mom got to live better than a royalty in the White House, but they are still going to privilege her with $160,000 every year for the rest of her life just for being there her own granddaughters? How pathetic excuse is that?
Donald Trump warns outgoing Ghana President USA Radio
WASHINGTON The President-elect of the United States, Donald Trump has on Wednesday issued a warning to the outgoing President of Ghana, John Dramani Mahama. Talking to the NY Times, Trump acknowledged the efforts of John Mahama in defending Africa s democracy by peacefully conceding defeat in the country s elections. The praise was followed by a warning. As an outgoing President, you don t have to implement last-minute policies that will make governance tough for the incoming President. You just have to spend the rest of the days on packing. Reverse those appointments and salary increments immediately Trump warned. Trump went on further to describe the actions of the outgoing president as that of a lizard s shit . Don t end your beautiful shit with a different color. he added. Trump s warning comes days after the outgoing president of Ghana increased allowances of its National Service Scheme personnel and also offered jobs to some people. The incoming president and his team has condemned the act.
Denzel Washington Switches to Trump Shocks Hollywood-, Speaks Out Against Obama
Denzel Washington Switches to Trump Shocks Hollywood-, Speaks Out Against Obama We need more and more jobs. Unemployment is way up here, he said. He s hired more employees, more people, than anyone I know in the world. I believe in him first of all because he s a businessman. I think jobs are badly needed. Hollywood star, Denzel Washington is usually catching some heat through supporters of President Obama after calling his agenda anti-Christian. Washington talked out about his own Christian beliefs during the 1999 interview. During the interview, he shared his story of how he or she uncovered religion. As the particular son of a preacher and spending a majority of his time in the church, he grew to become rebellious as a teen. After what Washington calls a personal face along with God, he came back in order to the church in his 20s. I had this particular tremendous physical and spiritual experience. His devotion to his faith has shocked liberal Hollywood plus angered President Obama supporters who support his alleged anti-Christian agenda. As other celebrities live a liberal and free life-style, Washington has explained that he is proud of his religion. Source:http://www.breitbart.com
Confirmed Justice Ruth Bader Ginsburg is RESIGNING From The Post of Associate Justice of the Supreme Court
If this is true it will mean an opening for another Conservative Justice to be appointed by President Trump. She said she will resign if Trump was elected President, and now when he got elected, and with a month until the inauguration, she will be resigning. The Supreme Court is in recess for the summer, but Justice Ruth Bader Ginsburg took some time to reflect on its future composition, which will chiefly depend on who is elected president in November. Asked on Thursday about the prospect of Donald Trump being handed the job of selecting the next crop of justices, she seemed uneasy at the thought. I DON T WANT TO THINK ABOUT THAT POSSIBILITY, BUT IF IT SHOULD BE, THEN EVERYTHING IS UP FOR GRABS, SHE TOLD THE ASSOCIATED PRESS IN A WIDE-RANGING INTERVIEW THAT ALSO TOUCHED ON THE LOSS OF HER DEAR FRIEND ANTONIN SCALIA AND SOME OF THE COURT S BIGGEST RULINGS IN THE TERM THAT ENDED IN LATE JUNE. I REALLY DISLIKE THAT MAN FOR A NUMBER OF REASONS, AND ALTHOUGH I AM NOT SUPPOSED TO PUT FORTH MY PERSONAL VIEWS BECAUSE OF MY POSITION, I STILL FEEL OBLIGATED TO DO WHATEVER I CAN IN ORDER TO LET THE PUBLIC KNOW THAT THERE S STILL TIME TO MAKE THE RIGHT CHOICE, SHE ADDED. DONALD TRUMP IS A MAN WHO HAS ACCUMULATED HIS VAST WEALTH NOT BECAUSE OF HIS BUSINESS PROWESS, BUT BECAUSE OF THE FACT THAT MUCH OF IT WAS INHERITED FROM HIS FATHER AND GRANDFATHER. IN FACT, WHEN IT COMES TO MAKING IMPORTANT DECISIONS, I DON T RECALL HIM EVER MAKING THE RIGHT ONE, AND THAT S NOT THE TYPE OF MAN THAT SHOULD BE AT THE HEAD OF THIS COUNTRY. AFTER OPENING FIRE AT THE PRESUMPTIVE REPUBLICAN PRESIDENTIAL CANDIDATE, GINSBERG TURNED TO HER OWNwi PLANS SHOULD DONALD TRUMP ACTUALLY BECOME THE NEW PRESIDENT OF THE UNITED STATES. THERE S NO NEED TO BEAT AROUND THE BUSH, SO I M JUST GOING TO GO AHEAD AND SAY IT I WILL RESIGN MY POSITION AS A JUSTICE OF THE SUPREME COURT OF THE UNITED STATES IF THAT HAPPENS. I CANNOT IMAGINE PERFORMING MY DUTIES UNDER THE CONSTANT PRESSURE OF WAKING UP IN THE MORNING AND HAVING TO GO TO WORK KNOWING THAT EVERY RULING WE AS AN INSTITUTION MAKE WILL BE VIEWED THROUGH THE PRISM OF A TRUMP PRESIDENCY. I CAN TOLERATE THIS CHARADE OF A PRESIDENTIAL CAMPAIGN, BUT I COULD NOT LIVE WITH HIM AS PRESIDENT, SHE SAID. I AM A WOMAN WHO HAS LIVED LONG ENOUGH, AND I AM PROUD TO SAY I VE HAD A PROSPEROUS AND FULFILLED LIFE, JUSTICE GINSBERG ARGUED. However, I am too old and too far gone to be forced to put up with the idiotic and surreal presidency of a man who up until yesterday cared for no one else but his own deep pocket. I fear that kind of situation would go against the very principles that are the building blocks of the Constitution of the United States. I see no purpose in continuing to perform my professional duties when I m aware that everything I say and do will most likely be shot down by a man so ignorant he probably requires GPS just to find his belly button while taking a shower.
Meryl Streep Just Got Fired From A Major Project For Lying About Trump Americas Last Line of Defense
Join America's Last Line of Defense And Share This Article Now! 56.9k SHARES SHARE ON FACEBOOK SHARE ON TWITTER After saying 6 minutes of mean things about Donald Trump without ever once using his name, humiliating him in front of a crowd of Hollywood elites and millions watching around the world, Meryl Streep got word From Ron Howard that she was no longer being cast as an older, wiser version of Mrs. C in a reboot of Happy Days that was to make her millions. Streep was to team up with Otis Winslow of Family Matters so Happy Days could be written into this century, with multi-racial families, gender identity and the gays playing a role in the plotlines. Ron Howard was to take on the role of Richie Cunningham once again, and other original actors include the guys who play Potsie and Malph, a cameo by Henry Winkler while Jon Voight plays Fonzie and an attractive guy who isn t worth less than the chick from Charles In Charge plays Chachi, who now loves a guy named Jeff. Scot Baio had to be ejected from auditions when he found out he didn t get the part. Now the project is on hold as the other person cast perfectly for the role was Florence Henderson, who passed away recently, but producers are hoping to fill the gap with Deborah from Everybody Loves Raymond. Meryl Streep, who hasn t worked a day since that movie about shoes with the cute girl with huge eyes, is said to be almost broke and that the millions from this project were to basically cover her retirement. The date for that has been moved up now that she s been deemed overrated by Trump and irrelevant to most Trump supporters, which basically covers the known world and the leader of it. RELATED: Donald Trump Just Coined A New Phrase You re Going To Love If we learned anything from Meryl Streep s long-winded, elitist rant, it s that we shouldn t try to bother understanding vocabulary that s over our heads. We sure don t want to be bothered watching a six-minute video when there s 1 and 2-minute videos of hot blondes on Fox telling us the stuff we want to hear. That s why libtards have to live their lie. Because the beautiful women of the smartest network on TV make them jealous.
Mike Pence: Allowing Rape Victims To Have Abortions Will Lead To Women Trying To Get Raped
The Republican war on women continues unabated. The same week that conservatives argued in the Supreme Court that employers should be able to stop their employees from getting contraception outside of the company health plan, Indiana joined the ranks of states like Texas and Florida in passing a draconian law that purports to protect women, while in fact, endangering their health by making safe abortion much harder to get. And Gov. Mike Pence recently signed it. The bill is stuffed with as many asinine restrictions on abortion with an eye towards making abortion as miserable and humiliating an experience as possible, and ideally something women can t get legally at all. Asked to comment on his approval of a piece of legislation that basically promotes hatred towards women once stripped of all the legal terms, Pence argued in an interview with The Huffington Post that abortion as such was a mistake since the day it was first invented. So, let s get that straight right away I oppose abortion for any reason whatsoever because I believe that killing someone, or something, if you will, that hasn t developed a consciousness just yet is the ultimate act of crime. And if we re murderers of innocent beings who can t defend themselves, how are we to expect people with a fully developed consciousness to stop murdering each other? the Indiana governor said. And as if that wasn t enough, Pence continued, we ve got this situation now throughout different states where some lawmakers allow abortion under some circumstances like rape or when the fetus is diagnosed with an illness, and others just flat out prohibit it. And that s bad for a number of reasons. First and foremost we can t have this kind of freedom of choice. This is bad, let s be clear. And that s part of the reason why I signed this bill, because I believe abortion, or I m going to flat out call it murder, this murdering of children has to stop and it has to be prohibited in every state. So Indiana is just a step in the right direction. Pence also tried to offer his opinion on what would have happened had he allowed rape victims to still have abortion. First and foremost, because this is such a sensitive topic, let me just say that I sympathize with rape victims not just in America, but around the world. I can only imagine what it must be like to experience such trauma, he said. However, that does not justify murder, not even that justifies murdering a baby, not in my book. Because what would happen? We d then have an epidemic of women claiming to have been raped just so they could have an abortion. And that has to be stopped at all cost. Donald Trump s new running mate also said, Basically, if I d have said no on the bill, that would be just like giving out get-pregnant-without-fear cards, because at the end of the day, women could have unprotected sex without worrying about what they d do in the event of pregnancy. And you know, it s not supposed to be like that. That would be equal to me picking up a butcher s knife and slicing people open in the middle of the street. That would be murder. And I m not a murderer. And it gets worse when you get an abortion, you get several days off of work and whatnot to recover. And there are a lot of crazy people out there. What if women would go out and get raped on purpose just so they could get off work? I mean, Indiana s economy is struggling as it is, and having thousands of women absent from their jobs would be horrific for the state, I m telling you. I made the right call and that will be confirmed in the long run, Pence concluded.
Barrack Obama will be on new 1 dollar bill 2017
The White House has approved the redesign of U.S. currency. Barack Obama will be on the new dollar bill. The Obama Administration feels that the American dollar is in bad need of a makeover. They have partnered with the Dollar ReDe$ign Project to pick a new design for U.S. currency. Currently, the design that the administration likes best was done by Dowling Duncan (a British duo), which features a unique vertical design. It also features President Obama on the one dollar bill. We love the Dowling Duncan look. They ve come up with a creative design and put President Obama where he belongs on number 1, said David Axelrod, Senior Adviser to President Obama. The Dollar Redesign Project was organized by creative strategy consultant Richard Smith. He is still soliciting ideas for the dollar bill of the future. Our great rival , the Euro, looks so spanky in comparison it seems the only clear way to revive this global recession is to rebrand and redesign, the project notes on its website. Here s the web site for The Dollar Redesign Project. Don t waste your time submitting a design, it s a done deal, said Rahm Emanuel, White House Chief of Staff. The President wants change in the currency and we ve unanimously picked Dowling Duncan s work. Fed Chairman, Benjamin Bernanke, has signed off on our choice for the redesign. We intend to have the money in circulation by December, 2012. Emanuel went on to say that there are plans to redo U.S. coins as well. We don t need a complete redesign of our coins, but we do want to put President Obama on the penny and move President Lincoln to the nickel. Thomas Jefferson, who was on the nickel, will be discontinued. Republican Congressman Paul Ryan suggested President Obama be put on both the nickel and dime instead of the penny. Another American icon might also be replaced. Uncle Sam is outdated, said Axelrod. We need to update this icon as well. It will now be Uncle Barack. Republicans are apoplectic about the changes the Administration is proposing. They won t get this passed when we get control of the house, said Minority Leader John Boehner. Typical Republicans, they want to block everything, even a little meaningless design issue, said Speaker of the House Nancy Pelosi. It doesn t matter what they think, we re going to pass this and every American will be carrying Obama dollars in their wallets and purses come December, 2012. FYI: The Obama dollar will reportedly be worth $0.47.
Executive Order Leads to Capture of ISIS Leader Rasheed Muhammad
Terror suspect, Rasheed Muhammad, was arrested on Tuesday, January 30, at approximately 1:32AM EST at John F. Kennedy International Airport. This marks the first successful story following President Trump s executive order to protect the nation from foreign terrorist entry into the United States. Muhammad, 32, was questioned due to the heightened security measures that resulted from the presidential executive order. The suspect attempted to enter the country with a tourist visa and claimed to be visiting family in order to attend this year s Super Bowl LI. Former Attorney General, Sally Yates, who was ousted by President Trump after failing to support the executive order, released a public apology via popular social media, Snapchat. I would like to express a sincere and utter apology to President Donald J. Trump. Due to unforeseen circumstances, there is no way I could have predicted the outcome of the situation. If afforded the opportunity to continue my position as Attorney General, I would be more than ecstatic to comply. Officials are waiting to release an official press statement. FBI Director, James Comey, commented We are unsure if accomplices are still at large. Until matters are addressed, we will keep additional details from the public eye. The security of our nation is the number one priority. Image result for Executive Order Leads to Capture of ISIS Leader, Rasheed Muhammad The terror suspect is currently detained by local authorities and requested a public defender. The White House Press Secretary declined comment until after the release of an official press statement.
BREAKING! President Trump Makes ENGLISH The OFFICIAL LANGUAGE OF THE United States!
69.9k SHARES Share Tweet For years, the debate has raged over whether or not to make English the official language of the United States. We all know the annoyance, NAY, the OFFENSE of having to push one for English whenever we call ANY customer support hotline, be it a U.S. corporation or a Government entity. Well, as Harry Truman used to say, and as President Trump is putting into action, THE BUCK STOPS HERE! You may have heard the snowflakes crying and complaining from their mothers basements and their D.C. prison cells, those arrested for their massive temper tantrum in our Nation s Capital last weekend, about how President Trump s staff removed the GLBT portals on the WhiteHouse.Gov site. Well, they re crying even louder now, because today, PRESIDENT TRUMP DIRECTED HIS PEOPLE TO REMOVE THE SPANISH SPEAKING AND TRANSLATING PORTALS ON THE WHITEHOUSE.GOV WEBSITE! Liberal rag L.A. Times reports: President Trump, who chided his opponents during the campaign for speaking Spanish, has made a tangible change to the White House website to eliminate bilingual access. The site, which the Trump administration took over on Friday, no longer includes an option for translation into Spanish Spokesman Sean Spicer suggested the translation option may return but made no specific commitment on timing when asked about it Monday. He spoke generally about the high volume of work facing the technology team during the changeover. We are continuing to build out the website , Spicer said. We ve got the IT folks working overtime on that now. During a Republican primary debate, Trump lashed out at former Florida Gov. Jeb Bush when he spoke Spanish. This is a country where we speak English, Trump said. President Trump is spreading the message that we conservatives have been lamenting for years. This is America. We have a culture. We have a language. We have a set of laws and rules by which EVERYONE in this country is expected to abide. IF YOU DON T LIKE IT- LEAVE! Follow us and help us support our President, Donald J. Trump, by joining us on our Facebook page by clicking on this highlighted sentence.
Idaho Mother Sentenced To Prison After Multiple Citations For Breastfeeding In Public
Breast Feeding Mugshot EvenOriginal photo by Bradfordst Via Flickr (CC BY 4.0) Heather Watson, a 32-year old mother and Baker County, Idaho, resident has been ordered to serve a 7-year prison sentence after receiving several indecent exposure citations for breastfeeding her 6 -month old daughter in public. According to Heather s husband, Rick Watson, his wife had received a total of 6 indecent exposure citations for breastfeeding their daughter Caylee in public. Heather most recently was arrested by officers at a nearby public park. According to police reports and statements from Watson, she had been sitting on bench supervising her 3 other children, age 2, 5, and 7, as they played with other children at the park when her baby become fussy and needed to be fed. Idaho is currently the only state that has yet to pass a law allowing mothers to breastfeed in public without the consequences of indecent exposure. The only protection that nursing mothers have in Idaho is Jury Duty exemption. A Moveon.org petition was created by The Idaho Breastfeeding Law Coalition in effort to bring the state up to speed with the remainder of the states throughout the country that protect nursing mothers, however despite the petition s 4,821 signatures, there is no indication that Idaho is anywhere close to passing new legislation. Breastfeeding mapImage Source: The Huffington Post In addition to serving a maximum 7-years in prison, because Watson was charged with multiple counts of indecent exposure, she will be required to register as a sex offender and will be placed on the National Sex Offender Registry. According to Heather s husband and close friends, she was an advocate for mother s rights and commonly took to social media websites such as Facebook to rant about her frequent indecent exposure citations and to complain about being harassed for breastfeeding her young daughter in a myriad of public locations. The below message was posted to Facebook a few weeks ago by Heather after she received her 4th citation for indecent exposure I m so frickin pissed off by the barbaric, stone-age, laws we have in Idaho. I seriously just received my 4th ticket for the indecent exposure of my breast while feeding Caylee in public. You can bet I m filing this document straight to the IDGAF folder (the trash can)! Heather Watson Facebook PostScreenshot courtesy of Facebook Though Watson s sentence is widely viewed as unnecessarily strict, Jude Walter Chapman, the sole judge presiding over Baker County and nearby Wiser, Idaho, made the following statement to reporters from a local ABC affiliate station, We have laws in our state and due to Mrs. Watson s repeated civil disobedience it s is clear to me that she has little to no regard for the system our state was built upon. As a Judge, it s not my job to create law, but to recognize and preside over it. As news of Watson s sentencing has spread throughout the media, several public breastfeeding advocate groups have come together to demand change in Idaho s current laws. They are asking anyone that disagrees with Judge Chapman s ruling to voice your feedback by calling the Baker County Department of Justice at 785-273-0325.
New law now charging all violent protesters with terrorism spread the news and share this
This is a disaster. In late December, State Senator Doug Ericksen proposed a new law that would give authorities the ability to charge protesters with "economic terrorism," and slap them with serious felony charges that could lead to jail time, just for making their voices heard. The outrageous bill, which has now had been formally introduced for consideration during the 2017 legislative session, would make any form of protest that causes an "economic disruption" a class C felony, punishable by up to 5 years in prison. It wouldn't just apply to people who engage in illegal acts or vandalism, it could be used to prosecute any person or group who organizes a protest that authorities deem as "disruptive." Broadly interpreted, this law could apply to time honored traditions of nonviolent dissent like boycotts and civil disobedience. We ve already hit our initial goal of 50,000 signatures on the petition. But now that the bill has been introduced, we need to get even more people speaking out. If everyone reading this shares the video, we can easily get 100,000 signatures before we deliver it to the Washington State lawmakers. Charging protesters with terrorism clearly violates the First Amendment and is an attempt to silence legitimate dissent. Please sign the petition telling lawmakers to reject this dangerous legislation. Here's the text of the petition: "Organizing and participating in protests is a basic Constitutional right guaranteed by the First Amendment. I urge all lawmakers to reject any legislation that criminalizes protesters or labels protests as a form of "economic terrorism."
Harambe, A Dead Gorilla, Got Over 15,000 Votes For President Of The Unites States
Ad You may asked what the Unites States did to narrow 350,000,000 people down to Hillary Clinton and Donald Trump as their leader. Keep in mind, this is the same county that at the same time is still mourning the death of a dead gorilla. By around 1:00am ET, the dead gorilla racked up more than 15,000 write-in votes for the presidency Tuesday on election night. Before you ask how we got here: 75 million registered voters didn t vote 5.5 million voted 3rd party 15,000 voted for Harambe Jonathan (@jkdforthree) November 9, 2016 15,000 fucking adults really woke their asses up, got dressed, travelled to a polling location, waited in line and voted for fucking Harambe but did u die tho (@AlpSall) November 9, 2016 14,000 voted Harambe. There is a 600 vote difference in New Hampshire. There is a 3000 vote difference in Pennsylvania. Wasted Votes. David Lee (@KingDavidGaming) November 9, 2016 @tomshlIand YOUWASTED VALUABLE VOTES ON A FUCKING GORILLA TO BE TRENDY AND FUNNY FOR A FUCKING OVERUSED AND CORNY MEME YOURE PIECES OF SHITS Grinchy Tyler (@tomshlIand) November 9, 2016 @tomshlIand your MEME was more important than someone s basic human rights. Thanks. Grinchy Tyler (@tomshlIand) November 9, 2016 Fun fact: the number of votes Clinton is losing Pennsylvania by is less than 1/5 of the 11000 votes received by Harambe in the same region. bAe-a-ron (@549m8) November 9, 2016 This generation is something else.
Trump Caught INVESTING in Dakota Pipeline Before Signing It
CNBC reported that Trump has substantial investments in the companies involved with the construction of the pipeline. Trump s early decision to approve the pipeline was a conflict-of-interest, and we must impeach him for it. Donald Trump s business investments spread throughout the world. Now, we know that he has ties to the Dakota Access Pipeline, the one that crosses sacred Indian land. The construction of the pipeline raised the ire of Native American Sioux settlements in the area. It will cross sacred land and pollute their water supply. The pipeline is also a threat to the Missouri and Mississippi Rivers, which provide drinking water for millions of people. In addition, the two rivers provide shipping avenues for commerce through the middle of the country. Opposition to the pipeline resulted in massive protests. The protests received international coverage when police and security workers for the construction firms sprayed protestors with water and beat them. The opposition brought out many supporters, too. On November 15, 2016, there was a National Day of Action to protest the construction. There were massive protests in cities as Los Angeles, Chicago, Denver, and Trump s own Manhattan in support of the Sioux Nation. Veterans also went to the front lines of the protest to stand against the construction and the violence from the hired thugs. American heroes supporting Native American heroes. And now we learn that President Trump has investments in the companies building the pipelines. No wonder the Orange Fuehrer ordered the resumption of their construction as one of his first moves as president. This should come as no surprise since Trump s financial ties are everywhere. Almost daily, we hear of another financial conflict-of-interest involving the president. This involvement is another example of Trump s unconstitutional failure to divest himself of his businesses interests. The Tenth Amendment of the Constitution prohibits him from profiting from decisions made while president. And here it is, another unconstitutional violation. According to Ethics experts, Trump s decisions to pass his businesses to his two sons is not adequate. As with other presidents, he must divest himself of all business interests and place them in a blind trust. The blind trust would prohibit Trump from any involvement. As he wants it, his two spoiled brat sons would consult him on business decisions regularly, and he would surely lie about it. The Dakota Pipeline investment is one of many illegal ones by Trump, but perhaps the most controversial. If only the mainstream media will pick up the story and run with it will the public know of Trump s support of the cruel actions of the police. We must insist that the media tell this story. With its broadcast, the public will see how Trump uses the presidency for his financial gain and support his immediate impeachment. Please share this story on Facebook!
BREAKING Hilary Clinton Filed For Divorce In New York Courts
Official records filed late yesterday in Westchester County, New York reveal that an individual named Hillary Rodham Clinton has filed divorce from an individual named William Jefferson Clinton. Additionally, in a separate filing, it appears that Hillary Rodham Clinton has submitted paperwork for a 2016 presidential run. It has not yet been confirmed whether the individuals in the divorce filings are indeed the former First Lady and Secretary of State, and the 42nd President of the United States. Neither Sec. Hillary Rodham Clinton or President Bill Clinton have issued statements addressing these revelations. One political analyst who spoke to The Takeaway on the condition of anonymity said, "A divorce at this stage of the campaign would deliver unbelievable momentum to the candidate, strike an unmistakable chord for Hillary's independence, and it would confound her conservative critics by blowing the email controversy out of the headlines and be the biggest political game-changing divorce of the last several centuries." Though the news is still being developed, one thing is certain: This is an April Fools' prank. We hope you enjoyed the hoax, and we're sorry if we just caused you to spit out your coffee.
McCain Blamed For Sabotaging Trump
Senate Armed Services Chairman John McCain on Sunday said he doesn't buy claims that the U.S. interfered in North Korea's nuclear missile test and was the reason for the failed launch. "I don't think" the U.S. sabotaged the test by using cyberwarfare, McCain told "Meet the Press" host Chuck Todd on NBC. "But I wouldn't rule it out," he added. Former British Foreign Secretary Sir Malcolm Rifkind was reported saying the U.S. could have been behind the flop, citing a "strong belief" that that was the reason for it. Why You Should 'Embrace the Suck' Watch Full Screen to Skip Ads "But at the same time, they have made steady progress while we have made agreement after agreement after agreement. Chuck, how many times on this show have they said 'oh, we have now a comprehensive agreement with North Korea?'" McCain added. "And so I'm not blaming Trump for this. I'm blaming Republican and Democrat presidents over the last 20 years while they continue to make progress." The Arizona Republican said how the current president handles relations with North Korean leader Kim Jong Un will be the "first test of his presidency." Earlier on Sunday, Trump tweeted out a statement on North Korea and China from his Mar-a-Lago estate in South Florida. "Why would I call China a currency manipulator when they are working with us on the North Korean problem? We will see what happens!" Trump wrote. While a presidential candidate, Trump had promised to label China a "currency manipulator" on his first day in office.
Radical Muslims in Australia OFFENDED That Their Children Have to Sing the National Anthem -
How intolerant can a group of people get, folks? If they don t want to be a part of the country and culture then they should go back to where they came from. This should apply universally to all who chose to migrate. Wouldn t it be a novel approach to do a story on what doesn t offend Muslims? Perhaps we could figure out why they re risking their lives entering both America and European countries if western culture offends them so! According to the Islamic activist group, Hizb-ut-Tahrir, Australia is enforcing democratic values and a disputed view of history which contradicts Islamic beliefs. According to their spokesman, Unthman Badar, Requiring schoolchildren to sing the national anthem, and the citizenship pledge supporting democratic values, are a part of an oppressive campaign by Australian authorities of forced assimilation of the Muslim community. Here s the pledge: From this time forward, [under God,] I pledge my loyalty to Australia and its people, whose democratic beliefs I share, whose rights and liberties I respect, and whose laws I will uphold and obey. Pretty oppressive, right? If you are graciously accepted into a country and you can t even say that pledge, is there any chance of assimilating into the culture? Here s the national anthem: Australians all let us rejoice,For we are young and free; We ve golden soil and wealth for toil; Our home is girt by sea; Our land abounds in nature s gifts Of beauty rich and rare; In history s page, let every stage Advance Australia Fair. In joyful strains then let us sing, Advance Australia Fair. Beneath our radiant Southern Cross We ll toil with hearts and hands; To make this Commonwealth of ours Renowned of all the lands; For those who ve come across the seas We ve boundless plains to share; With courage let us all combine To Advance Australia Fair. In joyful strains then let us sing, Advance Australia Fair. Super oppressive lyrics, right? If a group of radicals cannot assimilate and integrate within a western society, they can go right back where they came from. Moreover when immigrants and or asylum seekers actually seek entrance into a benevolent host nation, it is with a reasoned understanding that they will adhere to the principles and laws of that host country. If those seeking entrance cannot abide by those basic principles, they should not be allowed to enter it s really that simple. Watch Hizb-ut-Tahrir spokesman, Unthman Badar, make the case against Muslim school children singing the national anthem. It begins around the 10 minute point. This is outrageous! Muslims everywhere act like this when they reach a certain percentage of a western nation s population, because it is all part of the great plan to achieve a global totalitarian theocracy. WQe cannot let them get away with these things! Either assimilate, or LEAVE. They are Muslim first, last and always. Geographic boundaries and national laws mean nothing to them. Their only loyalty is to Allah. It s their faith. The west doesn t get it because most liberals are faithless. It irks me that these intolerant groups of radicaks go to a country of their own and then don t want to be patriotic to that country.. How about you go back where your from!! Next they will demand that Australian s convert or be beheaded! It makes me sick that our children were denied the American flag under Obama, and couldn t pray but Muslim children can and do.. we are denied Christ but they are not denied Allah during school hours! This is wrong on more than one level! Next they won t want to learn the country they have invaded history because its not theirs! Muslims are nothing but foreign invaders with no intention of loyalty or assimilation into the country they go to. This what you get with Socialist politician bent on destroying their country. Do you think that immigrants should adopt the culture of their host nation or be allowed to force changes to suit them?
John Hagee Calls For Prosecuting Women Who Say God s Name During Intercourse
One of the things that the Bible has consistently denounced is the taking of the Lord s name in vain. In fact, one of the Ten Commandments in the Old Testament states: You shall not take the name of the Lord your God in vain, for the Lord will not hold him guiltless who takes his name in vain (Exodus 20:7). The word vain means for no reason or useless. Thus, God was instructing the Israelites to avoid using his name in a useless, disrespectful way. Instead, the Israelites were supposed to revere the name of God and use it in a serious, considerate way. Many of the ancient Israelites were so respectful of the name of God that they would not even pronounce it or write it for fear of using it in vain. Those who did write it would often throw away the quill they had used, because they thought that any quill that had written God s name was holy and should not be used for regular words. Dr. John Hagee, the founder and senior pastor of the Cornerstone Church in San Antonio, Texas, not only agrees with what the Good Book says, but also takes the faith to a level of fanaticism. Speaking exclusively with Newslo, Hagee stated that in this world of crimes and deaths that surround us, a simple blasphemy does not get that much attention when it should. Saying the Lord s name in vain might seem petite and insignificant compared to some of the things that are going on in the world right now, even in churches all across America, Hagee elaborated. But, that s precisely the problem. If the shepherds of a faith start doing wrong, what is the flock supposed to do? Follow in their footsteps? I don t think so. The flock needs to get its bearings and start thinking for itself. The pastor reprimanded: But, nowadays you have people committing sin everywhere you look, including Houses of God, which are the holiest of places. Asked how the situation could be bettered, Hagee replied: Well, we d have to start with ourselves, as with everything in life. If you re asking about my personal opinion, there is no greater sin in terms of wrongly using God s name than women who use it during sex. That is one of the filthiest, most derogatory and sinful uses of the Lord s name I can think of. If it were up to me, I would put every single woman or girl who does that in jail. That would be a fine example of God s wrath aimed at what is, in my opinion, a terrible misuse of our Maker s good name. /religionlo.com/ Comments comments
Japanese whaling crew eaten alive by killer whales 16 dead
A Japanese whaling crew has fallen victim to a dramatic full on assault by a school of killer whales, killing no less than 16 crew members and injuring 12, has reported the Japanese Government this morning. The crew of the MV Nisshin Maru ( ), Japan s primary whaling vessel and the world s only whaler factory ship, was forced to leave the deck temporarily as a gas leak was detected within the ship s processing factory that resulted in the ship being temporarily disabled all while continuing to carry approximately 1,000 tons of oil. The resulting panic lead members of the ship to jump off the boat before proper emergency procedures were taken and lifeboats had been set to sea. The swimming crew members were then ferociously attacked by a school of killer whales, that decimated a large number of the crew within moments. It was horrific claims Asuka Kumara, a mechanical engineer who witnessed the gruesome scene. The water was red with blood, there were bodies everywhere he recalls in tears. Within 30 minutes of the incident, 16 crew members had disappeared into the ocean. The incident occurred in the Southern Ocean Whale Sanctuary, near the South Eastern Coast of South Africa, a controversial area to be whaling as a recent international court ruling has ordered the country to ends its whale hunt in the Antarctic. The East Asian nation halted its annual Antarctic whaling mission after the U.N. s International Court of Justice (ICJ) ruled last march the hunt violated an international moratorium on commercial whaling. It seems Japan just doesn t give a damn about international law explains environmental activist and spokesman for Greenpeace Canada, James Ben Shahali, based in Vancouver. The waste of life is always a shame, but the whales are not to blame here, they were only doing what they are born to do: kill for food he adds. Some Greenpeace supporters have even celebrated the incident as a victory for the cause Some Greenpeace supporters have even celebrated the incident as a victory for the fight against whale hunting worldwide Japan has slaughtered over 6,000 whales since commercial whaling was made illegal by the International Whaling Commission (IWC) moratorium passed in 1986.
Target to discontinue sale of Holy Bible
The White House has approved the redesign of U.S. currency. Barack Obama will be on the new dollar bill. The Obama Administration feels that the American dollar is in bad need of a makeover. They have partnered with the Dollar ReDe$ign Project to pick a new design for U.S. currency. Currently, the design that the administration likes best was done by Dowling Duncan (a British duo), which features a unique vertical design. It also features President Obama on the one dollar bill. We love the Dowling Duncan look. They ve come up with a creative design and put President Obama where he belongs on number 1, said David Axelrod, Senior Adviser to President Obama. The Dollar Redesign Project was organized by creative strategy consultant Richard Smith. He is still soliciting ideas for the dollar bill of the future. Our great rival , the Euro, looks so spanky in comparison it seems the only clear way to revive this global recession is to rebrand and redesign, the project notes on its website. Here s the web site for The Dollar Redesign Project. Don t waste your time submitting a design, it s a done deal, said Rahm Emanuel, White House Chief of Staff. The President wants change in the currency and we ve unanimously picked Dowling Duncan s work. Fed Chairman, Benjamin Bernanke, has signed off on our choice for the redesign. We intend to have the money in circulation by December, 2012. Emanuel went on to say that there are plans to redo U.S. coins as well. We don t need a complete redesign of our coins, but we do want to put President Obama on the penny and move President Lincoln to the nickel. Thomas Jefferson, who was on the nickel, will be discontinued. Republican Congressman Paul Ryan suggested President Obama be put on both the nickel and dime instead of the penny. Another American icon might also be replaced. Uncle Sam is outdated, said Axelrod. We need to update this icon as well. It will now be Uncle Barack. Republicans are apoplectic about the changes the Administration is proposing. They won t get this passed when we get control of the house, said Minority Leader John Boehner. Typical Republicans, they want to block everything, even a little meaningless design issue, said Speaker of the House Nancy Pelosi. It doesn t matter what they think, we re going to pass this and every American will be carrying Obama dollars in their wallets and purses come December, 2012. FYI: The Obama dollar will reportedly be worth $0.47.
Trump Just Gave Every WORKING, LEGAL Man Woman And Child In The USA $612 EACH!
BREAKING: Trump Just Gave Every WORKING, LEGAL Man Woman And Child In The USA $612 EACH! Your ads will be inserted here by Easy Plugin for AdSense. Please go to the plugin admin page to Paste your ad code OR Suppress this ad slot . BREAKING: Trump Just Gave Every WORKING, LEGAL Man Woman And Child In The USA $612 EACH! The program, called Tax Relief For Deserving Americans, will give nothing to those who choose not to work, people in prison or illegal aliens. People on welfare in good standing with work programs or job training will receive an extra $25 in bonus food stamps instead. The White House Communication and Propaganda Office released a statement about the program and how it will impact the economy: While deciding how to distract the American people from the nonsense being reported by the fake news media about world events and interior politics, President Trump was reminded of how much everyone enjoyed the money George W Bush handed out from the surplus left over from the Clinton administration. Mr. trump has decided people would rather focus on spending some money than the nonsense on the news, and has therefore authorized the release of $612 each for every legal American from a working family. Democrats are already crying because the people who will receive their chunk of the $153 billion program don t necessarily need the money that could be spent buying them votes from deadbeats who like free stuff. They also don t understand how the program will be paid for. Trump had a simple answer: Your ads will be inserted here by Easy Plugin for AdSense. Please go to the plugin admin page to Paste your ad code OR Suppress this ad slot . It s not that much money in the grand scheme. We ll make Mexico pay for it with a new tax or maybe we ll add a few bucks tariff to every case of Canadian Whiskey. Maybe the Chinese can help out. It s taxable income, so 28 percent of it will come back anyway. It s not that big a deal. I ve built things, great things, huge things worth far more. One thing is for sure. You can forget about all the stupidity the liberals are trying to sell you about lies and Russians and North Korea and all the rest of the humdrum day to day you shouldn t concern yourself with anyway. What a waste of time. Grab some cash and have some fun on your leader, Donald Trump! Checks will start arriving in the mail Friday. Your Vote Matters! Vote Now!
It s Only A Matter Of Time Before We Can Own Colored People Again says NRA President Jim Porter
By Free Wood Post HOUSTON It seems new National Rifle Association President (NRA) president Jim Porter may have found himself in a bit of hot water. Not long ago he made his feelings about the Civil War known when he referred to it as the War of Northern Aggression. In that same speech he referred to President Obama as a fake president and Attorney General Eric Holder as rabidly un-American. However none of those remarks that anyone could deem as racist compare to his remarks made at a recent press conference discussing his new leadership role at the NRA. I m very proud to be taking the lead here at the NRA. We need to really buckle down and strap on our best arguments to defend what is our God-given rights. No more northern folk tryin take away what is rightfully ours. I will not stand by and let some liberal-elitists try to ruin what has made this country great, especially a liberal of, you know, a different breed. When asked to clarify Porter said, I don t have to clarify. You know gall darn well what I mean. In fact, it s only a matter of time before we can own colored people again. They sure as hell won t be our leaders. It s out-right embarrassing. The War of Northern Aggression made it all possible, and you be best to know it s all gonna change back. I ll be on the front lines making sure it happens. I don t want my grandkids growing up taking orders from a colored man. It s our God-given right to keep them as property and keep them in line. Several at the NRA, including vice president Wayne LaPierre, have since tried to distance themselves from Porter s remarks. LaPierre said, They brought him in over me to try and liven things up, calling me boring and rehearsed. Next time they d be better off just making me president. Read More!
The CNN porn scare is how fake news spreads
Last night, a twitter account by the name of @solikearose tweeted out a surprising image of CNN broadcasting porn instead of Anthony Bourdain s scheduled show Parts Unknown. And then without really much questioning, a bunch of news sites ran with it, claiming that the network showed the footage for about 30 minutes. Here are some screenshots grabbed by Mediaite. It looks like the chaos all started when The Independent wrote up a story from this person s tweets, which was then tweeted out by the Drudge Report. After that, it spread fast. Mashable, The New York Post, The Daily Mail, Esquire, and Variety have all published a story, and pretty much all of these articles are based on one or two tweets from @solikerose. Plus, many of the original stories didn t include statements from CNN or RCN, the cable company that supposedly aired the porn. Fact-checking largely didn t begin until the stories were published. The @solikearose account has since turned private, and there don t seem to be any reports of porn airing on CNN last night. RCN also released statements on twitter saying there is no evidence that porn was aired last night in Boston, where @solikearose is supposedly based. "We are in the process of researching this incident but see no evidence our CNN network feed was compromised last evening in Boston," Jeff Carlson, SVP and general manager of RCN Boston, said in a statement to multiple outlets. CNN has also released a statement: The RCN cable operator in Boston aired inappropriate content for 30 minutes on CNN last night. CNN has asked for an explanation. But that still doesn t really verify that anything occurred. @solikearose 800-746-4726. We have not had any reports of the programming issue you mentioned on CNN in Boston. If you're still having an RCN (@RCNconnects) November 25, 2016 @solikearose issue with that channel, please DM us your address so we can troubleshoot when you're home. Thanks, Melissa RCN (@RCNconnects) November 25, 2016 The appeal of the story is obvious: a network news may have aired porn for a full 30 minutes. Hilarious! And the CNN program that was supposed to be on was Anthony Bourdain: Parts Unknown. It s a layup for body-part puns. This is exactly how fake news spreads But this is exactly how fake news spreads. Even if porn was aired on CNN, it s clear that a lot of publications ran with a story based on tweets from one person before verifying the facts. Many of the headlines already implicate CNN, claiming the channel aired 30 minutes of porn without giving any context. The stakes might not seem very high in this case, but fake news seems to have played a major role during the 2016 presidential campaign. Mistakes like this won t be very funny when they cost us more than a laugh.
Nobody Can Blame You For Beating Your Wife If It s Out Of Love
The recently installed CEO of Donald Trump was accused of domestic violence against his second wife, who later said he threatened to leave her penniless unless she failed to testify against him. According to Politico, Breitbart News chairman Stephen Bannon was charged with battery, dissuading a witness, and misdemeanor domestic violence in connection with a January 1996 incident in the couple s southern California home. I was wondering when this would come up, Bannon told Politico. It s been a while and given my current position at the head of Donald Trump s campaign, I was curious to see how long it would take the Democrats to start digging around my past and try to find enough filth and misinformation to use as ammunition to bring me down. And while we re on the subject, I m actually disappointed; I honestly didn t expect them to take this long, he said laughingly. Asked to comment on the validity of the charges against him, Bannon first attempted to circle around a direct answer to the question and said, Well, look, you know things like these are orchestrated, right? I mean, no one in their right mind would be looking to shoot down people that aren t targeting them in the first place. And the fact that this is happening right now, like, 20 years later, I mean, it s just ridiculous. Why would someone be doing this if not to discredit me and in doing so, Donald Trump as well? It s so obvious I honestly find it hilarious. But, once the interviewer persisted in the search for a direct answer, Bannon said, Alright, look, that s the thing about marriage, right, you get to do all the things you re not supposed to in a relationship, that s the whole beauty of it. And just like there s no rape in marriage, so too can nobody blame you if you smack your wife around a couple of times so long as you re doing it out of love. As a matter of fact, I ll have you know that some women actually enjoy being beaten by their husbands, and I don t mean that in everyday life. I m talking about when they re performing their marital duties, he argued. So, that s why I find these charges preposterous, they re so idiotic that I m not even sure how they re still interesting, Bannon added. Because, God made it very clear: when you get married, you have certain duties and obligations to your spouse. And one of those obligations is to love and respect your partner no matter what. And I loved my ex wife, I loved her dearly. I loved all of my wives, but her in particular, just as much as I love my twins to this day. And when you re in love, everything s allowed, I don t care what anyone says, when you say the words I do, and you let your partner put a wedding ring on your finger, you belong to them in every way possible. At no point did I exceed my marital liberties, so why should I, or worse, why should Donald Trump be punished for it? he concluded. source:politicops.com Comments comments
BREAKING Trump s Android Device Believed To Be Source Of Recent White House Leaks
Initial reports from two such agencies, A.R.H. Intelligence and Z|13 Security, suspect the source of the recent White House leaks to be President Trump s unsecured Android device. If you ve recently seen the hashtag #DitchTheDevice trending on social media, it s because, according to several private intelligence reports, the source of the multiple recent leaks within the White House is President Trump s unsecured Android device. Throughout the past several weeks President Trump and his administration have expressedextreme frustration over the multiple leaks provided to members of the press from inside the White House.
Jimmy Carter Medical Marijuana Cured My Cancer
While speaking to ABC News about the remission of his cancer, former President Jimmy Carter credited marijuana for killing of his cancer cells. The Nobel winner thanked his doctors and family for their support through his brain cancer ordeal. He also thanked Terrance Scooby Williams of Dr. Green s Greenery, a pot dispensary in Oakland, CA, for helping him find the right strain of cannabis. Carter told his medicinal regiment to Sawyer I smoke two joints in the morning, I smoke two joints at night, I smoke two joint in the afternoon, and it makes me feel all right. Edibles are also good when traveling when smoking is not permitted. The future is bright for the 91-year-old humanitarian. Carter has resumed his house building for Habitat for Humanity and continues his weekly prayer service. Marijuana is God s medicine. I find indica is better than sativa, but there are plenty of good hybrids. Carter wasn t endorsing pot smoking for everyone. There is the right place and the right time to spark up a bowl. Don t be a pothead but also be aware of the potential benefits of cannabis when used in moderation with the right music. I was never of big fan of alcohol but weed is the medicine I need. It also revived my love for peanuts. Have you ever eaten a peanut on weed? With legal weed available in Colorado and Washington State and several states likely to pass the legalization next November during the Presidential elections, Carter will help support the cause in California, Oregon, and Massachusetts. Help build a house for those that need one and peace and sex above all else. I forget, what were we talking about?
MAN PARDONED BY OBAMA 3 MONTHS AGO ARRESTED FOR MURDER
Just 94 days ago, James G. Winters of Gainesville, FL was pardoned from a life sentence by former President Barack Obama. Yesterday Winters was arrested for the murder of his girlfriend, Joanna Walker. Walker was reported missing by family early last week. Her body was discovered on Sunday, in the trunk of an abandoned 1998 Toyato Corrola in an Orlando Publix parking lot. Though the tags were removed the car was traced by to Winters and Officers made the subsequent arrest, booking Winters on one count of first degree murder. During his presidency, Obama granted pardons or clemency to an unprecedented 1,927 criminals. James Winters was serving a life sentence for drug trafficking and weapons charges. *** UPDATE- Anyone who believes this story or any other story on this website needs to read this post ***
Whoopi Goldberg: Navy SEAL Widow was "Looking for Attention"
UPDATE: My Response to Whoopi Goldberg Suing Me Whoopi Goldberg is in hot water after comments she made Wednesday regarding the Navy SEAL widow that was honored last night during President Donald Trump s historical speech. She was just looking for attention. These military widows love their 15 minutes in the spotlight , Goldberg said. If it were me I wouldn t be able to leave the house. How can someone who is truly greiving go out there and be on TV. It just doesn t make sense to me After last night s demonstration where several democrats in leadership roles refused to stand while the widow was being honored, Goldberg continues to make the point that liberals lack a significant amount of class. *** UPDATE- Anyone who believes this story or any other story on this website needs to read this post *** .
BREAKING Leaked picture of Obama being dragged before a judge in handcuffs for wiretapping Trump
After Trump made it clear that Obama had illegally tapped the phones at Trump Tower, the FBI issued a warrant for his arrest. Since then, little has been heard from the former president other than a denial. This morning, Obama was stopped at a checkpoint at Toronto International Airport, where he was trying to fly to an unknown destination under the alias Bruce Wilekenmeyer. The CRMP officer who stopped him recognized him beneath a fake mustache, took him into custody and turned him over to the US Embassy. After a short transport back to Washington, Obama was brought before a special session of US District Court where he could be formally charged and ordered not to leave the country before being released into his attorney s custody. A court reporter who also moonlights for Breitbart took great personal risk to snap this photo since there are no photographs, video recording or any other recording devices allowed in federal courtrooms unless specifically ordered by a judge: As you can see, he had also died the gray in his hair to help mask his appearance. It didn t work. Share this and make sure everyone knows that the traitor was caught and will answer for his crimes!!!
FBI Issues Warrant For Obama s Arrest After Confirming Illegal Trump Tower Wiretap Americas Last Line of Defense
Join America's Last Line of Defense And Share This Article Now! 20.1k SHARES SHARE ON FACEBOOK SHARE ON TWITTER Former president and breaker of laws, Barack Obama, will either surrender himself or be picked up by the FBI sometime today to be booked and charged with unlawful use of authority, wire fraud and conspiracy to interfere with free elections after it was confirmed that he ordered the tapping of the phones at Trump Tower during the presidential election. The order, which isn t something even a president can do without the signature of a federal judge, was to listen in on Trump and his children to try to find a connection to Russia. Nothing came of it since President Trump nor any of his campaign staff have ever been to, spoken with or had anything to do with Russia or its agents. Trump first disclosed the bombshell in an early morning tweetstorm, knowing already that the FBI was preparing charges and asking a judge to sign a warrant for Obama s arrest. Todd McMartin, a spokesman for the FBI, told Fox News: The proof is undeniable. Obama basically confessed in a private call to one of Hillary Clinton s aides that he had the Trump Tower tapped and we can t find any federal order legally authorized by a judge to do so. The call, between Obama and Huma Abedin, was intercepted by the FBI after President Trump ordered Obama s phones tapped to catch him in a lie over the Russia scandal. That tap was authorized by executive order for national security reasons. If convicted, Obama could face up to 40 years in prison, and no President will be pardoning him anytime soon.
Snoop Dogg Arrested For Conspiracy After Talking About His Murder Trump Video
Snoop Dogg, major pothead and advocate of violence as a form of protest, has landed in hot water over his video Lavender, in which he shoots Donald Trump. In the video, the rapper shoots a clown version of President Trump with a toy gun, but that s not what got him in trouble. After the story went viral, a reporter from Breitbart caught up with Snoop Dogg and asked him if he believed violence was the answer. His response was chilling. He said: No, man. I don t like violence any more than the next guy, but I would hope that if this clown in the White House was about to start a war or somethin that someone would do what I did but with a real gun. I know I would and I would encourage anyone who could get close enough to do the same. That s not violence it s survival of the species. The reporter, Glen Dingusman, immediately contacted the Secret Service with his evidence of violent threats made against the president and Snoop Dogg, who was on his way into a restaurant for lunch when the exchange happened, never made it past his hot wing appetizer. According to the agency, he will be held as a military combatant without being charged until they can ascertain whether or not he s a threat to the president. At the very least, this should teach him and some other dumb liberals a good lesson about what happens in Trump s America if you say and do stupid crap.
GEORGIA BECOMES FIRST STATE TO BAN MUSLIM CULTURE IN HISTORIC MOVE TO RESTORE WESTERN VALUES!!! News 4 Everyday
When Donald Trump proposed in 2015 that we place a temporary ban on Muslims entering the United States, it was at a time when Europe was experiencing historical levels of migrations and terrorism. ISIS was carrying out terrorist attacks weekly and hundreds of innocent people were getting killed. Whether it was a jihadi running over 85 people with a truck, the Paris bombings, or even the German priest that was beheaded for being a Christian they all were fueled by Islam. People need to understand that Islam is very dangerous and contradicts everything we believe in the United States. A Georgia state legislator has introduced legislation that would ban burqas and traditional Muslim veils. State Rep. Jason Spencer (R) filed legislation on Wednesday that would prevent women from posing for driver s license photos while wearing a veil. The measure also adds burqas to a law that makes it a misdemeanor to wear a face covering in public or while driving. Spencer argues that this bill is specifically intended to reduce fear about Islamic terrorism. Spencer s bill would prevent women from wearing head coverings while driving or while walking down a public sidewalk. This bill is simply a response to constituents that do have concerns of the rise of Islamic terrorism, and we in the State of Georgia do not want our laws used against us, Spencer told WSB-TV in Atlanta. Many people will immediately read this and argue that the First Amendment allows for protection of religious freedoms, and that is a true and correct argument. Our Constitution does allow all citizens to practice whatever religion they choose. Here is the problem: Islam is not a religion. It is a cancerous disease that calls for all Christians, women, and homosexuals to be brutally murdered for the false god Allah. A vast majority of terrorist attacks are carried out in the name of Allah. When was the last time we experienced a terrorist attack from someone citing the Bible? Quran 8:12: I will cast terror into the hearts of those who disbelieve. Therefore strike off their heads and strike off every fingertip of them. I will cast terror into the hearts of those who disbelieve. Therefore strike off their heads and strike off every fingertip of them. Quran 9:29: Fight against those who believe not in Allah, nor in the Last Day, nor forbid that which has been forbidden by Allah and His Messenger and those who acknowledge not the religion of truth (i.e. Islam) among the people of the Scripture (Jews and Christians), until they pay the Jizya with willing submission, and feel themselves subdued. Fight against those who believe not in Allah, nor in the Last Day, nor forbid that which has been forbidden by Allah and His Messenger and those who acknowledge not the religion of truth (i.e. Islam) among the people of the Scripture (Jews and Christians), until they pay the Jizya with willing submission, and feel themselves subdued. Quran 3:151: Soon shall We cast terror into the hearts of the Unbelievers, for that they joined companions with Allah, for which He had sent no authority. Is that what we want to blossom in our country, schools, and communities? Just for starters, Liberals already banned school prayer because Christian values may offend someone so how is this any different? There is a difference between a hijab and burqa. Spencer is arguing that we should ban the full-on cover that cloaks women from head to toe. While Liberals will decry this action, they better accept it because it will have a snowball effect in the United States. Outside of Georgia, several other states are starting to propose similar legislation. The threat of Islam and those that practice it are so severe that France and Belgium have banned burqas and similar coverings altogether to try and keep citizens safe. Local governments in Italy, Spain, and Switzerland have also instituted bans.
Lady Gaga Reveals Plan To Cover Her Face Again Until Trump Gets Fired From Office And I Feel Free Once More
Lady Gaga has opened up about the perils of fame. In an appearance on CBS s Sunday Morning, the Million Reasons singer talked about how her life has changed since becoming famous and how she feels like she has no freedom because of the attention she has been getting. Gaga also said that she finds solace in her home, and that leaving it gives her a bit of anxiety. I m very acutely aware that once I cross that property line I m not free anymore, Gaga said. It s like I m stepping out into this entirely different world where everybody s allowed to follow me, take pictures of me, treat me like a circus freak and flat out do whatever they want around me and I can t even call the police to help me because they re not doing anything wrong, the singer complained. I realize that this is part of what I wanted when I set out to become famous and fulfill my dreams, but nobody told me I d have to give up my privacy completely. And to top it all off we ve just had the presidential election and the least favorite guy won. Now I gotta deal with that as well. Asked to elaborate on her opinion on President-elect Donald Trump, Gaga said that he wasn t her first choice, as well as that he couldn t have picked a worse time to become President of the United States, due to the fact that I might have to go back to hiding my face again until he gets kicked out of the White House. It was fun pretending to be someone else at the beginning of my career, wearing masks and all that, but there comes a time when you outgrow all those childish costumes and just want to be yourself. And I haven t been able to do that in a long time, she revealed. So, I m sorry to have to disappoint my fans, but I m afraid I m going to have to revert to wearing a mask whenever I m out in public, and that includes performing during live shows and on television as well, the singer revealed. At this point I m not sure whether that s going to be some aggressive type of makeup or a full-on mask that ll cover my face, but what I do know is that s the only thing I could think of to get at least some semblance of my privacy back other than visiting a plastic surgeon. I m too good looking to be changing my face at this age. Until Donald Trump is fired from office and stops making everybody s life miserable, and simultaneously, until things quiet down around me a bit to a point where I m able to go out to lunch and not have my picture taken 10,000 times on the way to the diner, I ll be going back to wearing a mask. What can I say I guess I ll need to put on an actual poker face for the time being, until things get back to normal, both in my private life and in the White House, Gaga concluded. via: therightists.com Lady Gaga Reveals Plan To Cover Her Face Again Until Trump Gets Fired From Office And I Feel Free Once More
President Trump Just Told Paul Ryan You re Fired Americas Last Line of Defense
Join America's Last Line of Defense And Share This Article Now! 3.6k SHARES SHARE ON FACEBOOK SHARE ON TWITTER Paul Ryan may be the Speaker of the House and he may be third in the line of succession for the presidency, but he will no longer be welcome at the White House nor will he be included in plans for the future. According to a statement released by Jeff Derpinger at the WHOIP: President Trump will no longer protect, defend or endorse anything the soon-to-be-former Speaker does, says or campaigns on. The betrayal of Paul Ryan and his subsequent dismissal as an advisor to the president and his upsoming loss in the election in 2018 is his own fault. Let this be a lesson to the rest of Congress: Donald Trump is your chief executive. He deserves your support and respect. Anything other than that will result in your removal from office by campaigning against you and in the best interest of the American people. Only President Trump knows what it takes to win. Fall in line or pack your bags. Ryan s office has asserted that he can not be fired by President Trump but has also expressed remorse for the events that led up to the secret tape recently released by Breitbart: Speaker Ryan was just as shocked as the rest of the world at Donald Trump s statement about women and pussy grabbing. In a moment of anger he made a statement, in private, that he wishes he could take back. Perhaps Mr. Trump can relate. Relate? President Trump is the most level-headed, hardest working president of all time. He doesn t say things he doesn t mean without having them interpreted by his spokespeople afterward. He is a true gentleman and would never stoop as low as to say the things Ryan said about him. This isn t about a few words being said, this is about class and respect. Trump has those things. Ryan does not. Trump let him know that when he visited a congressional luncheon this afternoon. He walked right over to the Speaker, refused to shake his hand and instead put a finger in his face and said: Mr. Speaker You re fired. And that, as they say, is that.
NBC Just Fired Megyn Kelly Before Her New Show Begins
Share Facebook According to sgsnews: NBC Just Fired Megyn Kelly Before Her New Show Begins. Megyn Kelly turned down a $20 million payday to stay with the only trusted name in news for a daytime slot where she could play a white version of Oprah Winfrey on NBC for 25 percent less money. Now that her tenure at Fox has ended and her new show is scheduled to start production sequences for a fall premiere, Kelly decided she wasn t happy and demanded the format be changed. According to Hugh McGovern, executive producer of Kelly s new show: Megyn had high hopes when she left Fox that people would still take her seriously as a journalist. She was lured to NBC with promises of easier days and evenings at home with the family. Now that she sees the production schedule, she feels like she s been duped and has demanded she be given more serious show assignments. The problem, according to McGovern, is that Kelly sees a schedule filled with visits from celebrities and novelists to talk about their sitcoms and books, traveling assignments to dog shows and fashion week and even the addition of a musical guest. According to Maxwell Seawald, CEO of NBC Universal: Ms. Kelly wants to be a journalist. Unfortunately, after her stint at Fox News and the way she attacked President Trump, she lost her following. Our data tells us that our audience will tolerate and even learn to like her, but not as a political pundit or someone they should take seriously. She needs to think less Diane Sawyer and more Kelly Ripa. Unfortunately, Kelly couldn t do that and the whole thing came to a head this afternoon, causing NBC to pay a severance clause of $150K to cancel her contract. NBC spokesman Hugh Levitt told Fox News: Megyn Kelly was a superstar until she took on Trump. Now she s a laughing stock. She could have worked a year or two and made herself $25 million. Instead she ll spend her days looking for someone else who needs a washed up hasbeen from Fox News who knows nothing but how to piss people off. Sorry, Megyn. It s not like we didn t all see this coming. Hasta la vista, baby. What do you think about this? Share this post and leave your comment below. Like our page on facebook. Note: We at uspostman cannot make any warranties about the completeness, reliability and accuracy of this information. Source: sgsnews
New York Man Wanted For Infecting 240 Men And Women With HIV!!!
New York Man Wanted For Infecting 240 Men And Women With HIV!!! This will blow your mind Read how a New York man has allegedly infected 240 people with the HIV virus by sleeping with men and women. I met Stephawn when I was 19 years old, explains Joshua Johnson on his blog. He continues: At 19, I was still trying to figure out my sexual orientation. I was still a virgin, because I was raised with traditional values. I was attracted to females, but I was also attracted to men. In fact, my attraction to men was stronger. I desperately tried to fight my attraction to the same sex, because I knew if I gave in that would mean a lifetime as an outcast in my family. Johnson goes on to explain in great detail how he fell victim to a sexually promiscuous fugitive who is wanted for allegedly infecting at least 240 people with the HIV virus that causes AIDS. Ladies, as you read Joshua s story below, keep in mind that black women are the fastest growing HIV demographic in the U.S. due to bisexual men who in relationships with women because they are confused about their sexuality. Gay and bisexual men, regardless of race, are more sexually promiscuous than their heterosexual counterparts, according to Seekingarrangement.com and other reports. Authorities in New York City are offering up to $100,000 for information leading to the arrest of 31-year-old Isaac Don Burks, aka Stephawn Burks, Stefan Levine, Isaac Levine, Stefan Burks, and Walter Brooks. Burks is described as an African-American male, medium brown skin, six feet two inches tall, weighing 185 pounds. The NYPD is looking for a fugitive they say has embarked on a terrifying campaign to infect as many people as possible with the HIV virus, and they caution that his victims could run into the hundreds. Isaac Don Burks, 31, has been indicted on eight counts of criminal transmission of HIV, prosecutors announced Friday, and warned that Burks targets people via popular gay websites and networking apps, such as Adam4Adam, Grindr, Jackd, and BGCLive. Burks, a black gay man from West New York, NJ, just outside Manhattan, who police say may have started his mission to infect as many people as possible with HIV as far back as ten years ago, was described as sick in the head by one alleged victim, who notes that Burks alluded to having possibly infected as many as 300 victims. The victrim, who did not wish to be publicly identified, recalls that Burks has been on a downward spiral since the death of his mother, and plies his prey with drugs and alcolhol, to bring their guard down. According to New York City Health Department spokesperson Kate Caraway, this is the first time a HIV infected individual has spread HIV to so many victims. We want to make sure that anyone who may have injected drugs with, who may have had sex with him, does come forward and get tested, she Caraway. We want to make sure that they re not spreading the virus to anyone else. Anyone with information regarding Burks whereabouts is asked to call Crime Stoppers at 888-CRIMESC (888-274-6372). Your call will remain anonymous. This makes the report we did on Craig Lamar Davis passing HIV around the Full Gospel Baptist Church seem like nothing. Now read Joshua Johnson story in his own words below: Isaac Burks aka Isaac Don Burks Pictured Above I met Stephawn, (Real Name: Isaac Burks Isaac Don Burks), when I was 19 years old. I had just moved to Atlanta from North Carolina to attend Clark Atlanta University. At 19, I was still trying to figure out my sexual orientation. I was still a virgin, because I was raised with traditional values. I was attracted to females, but I was also attracted to men. In fact, my attraction to men was stronger. I desperately tried to fight my attraction to the same sex, because I knew if I gave in that would mean a lifetime as an outcast in my family. You see, my father was a pastor and my mother was a physician. I came from a very stable background, and my parents were heavily into the church. They controlled everything in my life. They financed my education, sent me money every month, and paid virtually every bill that I had. They wanted to see me succeed in life, and I didn t want to disappoint them. When I moved to Atlanta I met other gay men who were more comfortable with their sexual orientation. I pulled strength from these men, and bonded with them immediately. They taught me that it was ok to be gay, and that life was too short to live my life for others. Over the next few months my circle started to consist of nothing but gay men. I felt comfortable. I felt that I could express myself without judgement, and . for the first time ever I felt accepted. As time passed by, I started coming out of the closet a little more each day. At first, I would never attend a gay club because of fear of being outed. My friends eventually talked me into attending a gay club for the first time. I was nervous! You see, I had a sister who attended Spelman College and four other male cousins who attended Clark. The last thing I needed was my family to find out my sexual orientation. That would mean the possibility of my parents cutting me completely off, and they were the ones paying for my tuition, books, and college expenses. I eventually put my fears aside after a night of drinking with my friends. We loaded up into my friends Ford Explorer and headed over to a club called Traxx. Apparently, this was the gay club that everyone in Atlanta attended on Saturday. I remember walking into a place that resembled a poorly decorated high school gym. It was huge! There had to be over 1,000 people in the place, and they were dancing the night away. Because we were underage, we couldn t drink. Apparently everyone over 21 received a special wrist band to indicate their age, and no one in my party had one. After awhile of standing around we were starting to become over it. Clubs aren t as fun when you are sober, and the liquor we had drank earlier was starting to wear off. While standing on the side I noticed a guy staring at me and smiling. He was very attractive, and every time I would catch him looking in my direction I would look the other way. This entire gay lifestyle was still new to me, so I didn t know what to take his stares for. Eventually he worked up the nerve to come over to me and strike up a conversation. He told me that I looked familiar, and asked me where I was from. I told him that I was from Charlotte North Carolina, and I couldn t possibly look familiar. I had never been to a gay club, and every one of my gay friends were college freshmen from different cities around the country. He asked me why I wasn t drinking, and I told him we couldn t buy drinks because we were all under 21. He offered to buy us a round of drinks at his expense. I jumped at the offer, because we wanted to enjoy ourselves that night. After all, no one comes to a club to have a bad time. He returned minutes later with three drinks. The drinks he ordered for us were Long Island Iced Teas. I remember taking a sip and almost spitting the drink out. It was very strong. Rather than be rude and waste his money, I drank it slowly. Stephawn then asked why I was babysitting my drink. I asked what did he mean by that, because I had never heard the phrase used before. He told me to hurry up and finish my drink, he was going to order us another round. By the time the second round came, I was feeling nice. We continued to talk, and he kept buying me drinks. After the third round I was borderline drunk, and so were my friends. Every time he ordered me a drink, he also ordered my friends a drink too. After awhile my friends wanted to leave, and I told him that I would catch up with him later. He asked me to stay a little longer, and promised to take me home. I ditched my friends, and for the rest of the night it was just me and him. We ended up leaving the club an hour later. While taking me home he told me that he wanted to stop by his house real quick to grab some gas money since his car was on E. We pulled into an apartment complex in the Lindbergh area of buckhead. He told me to come up with him so I did. As soon as the door to his apartment closed he started passionately kissing me. We eventually ended up in his bedroom where we kissed for hours it seemed. He started unbuckling my my pants, and I stopped him. I confessed that I was a virgin and didn t have a clue what I was doing. He told me to relax, and that everything was cool. He said everyone started off as a virgin at some point in there life, and that he could teach me how to have sex. He made me turn over on my stomach and took my shoes off. Then he took my pants off. I was tense and nervous. I didn t know what to expect, but he was so attractive I wanted every ounce of this man. The first thing he did was start eating my ass and I moaned passionately as he gently ate my ass for hours it seemed. Next he started sucking my d***k from the back while I was laying on my stomach. It felt amazing. I wanted to please him too, but he told me to chill and go with the flow. Then he started grinding on my ass and rubbing his d***k on my ass crack. He grabbed some lotion that was strategically placed on his nightstand. He rubbed the lotion in my ass crack, and then put some on his index finger. He slowly put his finger inside of my ass. I moaned in extacy, because he was stroking my d***k while he was massaging my prostate with his finger. After awhile of fingering me, he tried to put his d***k in my ass raw. I immediately stopped him! I asked if he had a condom, and he said yea why? I said because I didn t come to Atlanta to catch anything and safe sex was mandatory with me. He ran some line about being recently tested the week before, and I said that s cool but we just met. If we were going to have a casual encounter it needed to be a safe casual encounter. He jumped up and grabbed a magnum out of his dresser. I watched him put the condom on, and then I buried my face into the pillow. It was painful at first. I didn t understand how men could possibly enjoy what felt like having your insides ripped out. I had to stop him several times, because I could not take the pain. After about 20 minutes he was starting to get impatient. I couldn t take the d***k, and he seemed to be over waiting for me to get used to the pain. I didn t want to disappoint him, and I didn t want my first sexual experience to be horrible with my partner not being satisfied. I decided to man up and squirted some more lube on my ass. I laid on my stomach, and put my face back into the pillow. He inserted his d***k inside of my ass, and this time it didn t hurt as much. He started to increase his stroke, and I had no problem taking it. He was grabbing my waist, and I attempted to throw my ass back like I had seen in the porno movies. Whatever I was doing, he was enjoing it because he was moaning in extacy. After 10 minutes of f***king me doggy style he screamed he was going to cum. As he came I felt a warm liquid inside of my ass. I jumped up and looked back and saw his d***k without a condom on it! I screamed what happened to the condom? He grabbed around the bed and showed me the condom. There was no cum in it, and it was by the foot of the bed. I ran to the bathroom, because it felt like I had to s***t. When I used the bathroom, his cum rushed out of my ass. It was allot. I kept thinking to myself that this motherf***ker took the condom off while f***king me. That was the only explanation for cum being in my ass, because I watched him put the condom on. I came out of the bathroom with an angry look on my face. I said nigga I just used the bathroom and your cum came out of my ass. I asked him if he took the f***king condom off. He said no. He said that it must have broke. I wasn t buying it, and I searched around for the condom. I found the used condom on the bed, and started examining it. The condom wasn t broke at all! I rolled it out, and there was nothing wrong with it. I screamed what the f***k did you do, because this condom isn t broken. He told me that I was tripping, and I ran to the bathroom with the condom and put it up to the faucet. I filled the condom with water and it didn t leak at all! When I did that, he told me to get the f***k out of his house. I felt betrayed, I was scared for my life, and I was hurt. I had heard about Atlanta being one of the cities with the highest AIDS rates in the country, and I was determined not to be a statistic. I got my things, and got out of his house. This asshole didn t even take me home, and it was 6am in the morning. As I waited outside of his apartments in the cold, I called a cab service. They arrived about 20 minutes later and took me home. The entire time he was texting my phone and calling me non stop. I didn t answer his calls, because I didn t want to talk to him. I was convinced that he had purposely took the condom off while f***king me. There was no other explanation for his cum being inside of me. I know some guys get off by that, but I was disgusted by it. The thought of his cum inside me made my stomach turn. As the liquor wore off, I went into a deep depression. When I got to my dorm, I popped two tylenol pm s and fell alseep. I didn t tell anyone about my experience. How could I explain that I had sex and my partner purposely took the condom off and came inside my ass unprotected. I had just met this man. I didn t even know his real name. When my friends asked me what happened, I said nothing and gave them a look that said don t ask me anymore questions! . They didn t ask, and I didn t tell. That experience frightened me so bad that I decided to put my sexual desires on hold and focused on my education. That meant pulling back from my gay friends too, because I was starting to get a little too reckless and free with my sexuality. I started hanging more with my straight friends. After all, I had to keep my charade up. I had family that attended my school, so I couldn t be seen with a bunch of gay men 24/7. 8 months later while home for Christmas break I had to see my doctor for my yearly checkup. This was something my mother made me do ever year since I can remember. My doctor asked me was I sexually active, and I said no. I told him that I had sex once, but that was it. I wasn t sexually active, because I wasn t actively having sex. He told me that he was going to include an HIV test in my regular blood work anyway. A few days later I received a call from his office. It wasn t the doctor, it was one of the office workers. She was obviously new, because I didn t recognize her voice. She told me that I needed to come in, because there was something that the doctor needed to discuss with me. I was confused. I asked her what something was, and she said that she couldn t release this information over the phone and that I should come in Today. This was very unusual, because I had never had this happen before and I had been getting a yearly checkup from the same doctor for over 15 years. At first I thought it could be high blood pressure, because that ran in my family. There was also a chance of cancer, because the women in my family had breast cancer and my grandfather passed away from prostate cancer. I borrowed my mothers car, and headed over to the doctor s office. I didn t want to scare her, so I didn t mention what I was borrowing the car for. I will never forget what happened next. As I arrived to my doctor s office, I was told to have a seat in the waiting room. There was soft music playing that turned out to be Barry Manilow s Daybreak, and it made my stomach turn! I hated that f***king song. I was in no mood to hear a happy go lucky song when I was being called into my doctor s office to discuss my lab results. Before the song could end, the doctor opened the door and escorted me to an exam room. It was cold, there was no window, and the light was very bright. Brighter than usual. He began to look over my charts and lab results. He grabbed my hand, which caught me off guard, and then said I m sorry to have to tell you this, but your HIV results came back positive. I swear I didn t even hear the word positive, I just read his lips that seem to go in slow motion. I said, I m sorry but there must be some mistake. I am not sexually active. I ve only had sex once! I haven t had oral sex, or any sexual activity with anyone but one person. He said that he would order additional tests, and they all came back positive. I thought about committing suicide. I could not eat. I could not sleep. I could not focus on school. I couldn t do anything but cry. My doctor couldn t legally tell my mother I was HIV positive, but I was on her insurance so she would find out sooner or later when she saw the co-pays for the HIV meds he prescribed and the increased doctor visits. I tried to get in contact with Stephawn but his number was disconnected. When I got back to school, I went over to the apartment complex where he lived but I couldn t remember the apartment number. I had no way of reaching this guy. I wanted to kill him, and i was going to. I had a butcher knife and I was going to stab him thru the heart, because I knew this guy had given me HIV, because I didn t have sex with anyone else. As time passed, I became so depressed that I eventually dropped out of school. I kept thinking what is the purpose of getting a degree when I m going to die soon. I lost 15 pounds from not eating and started to look very frail. I decided to drop out of school, because I didn t know how to deal with it all. I had no one to turn to. I couldn t tell my friends, and I couldn t tell my parents. Can you imagine telling your mother that you are HIV positive after a one night stand. I couldn t dare to see the pain in her eyes of knowing her son is going to die before her. Today I read the article about Isaac Burks and saw his picture. This is the same guy who told me his name was Stephawn. This is the guy that gave me HIV! He ruined my life. I finally ended up telling my parents because I could not afford to pay the co-pays for the medication and doctor visits. My mother didn t cry, and told me that she loved me and would be there for me every step of the way. Later on that night as I got up to use the bathroom I heard her crying in her room. Tears immediately started pouring down my face and I ran to the kitchen. I slit my wrist. I wanted to die. I fell out and woke up in the hospital surrounded by my family. I have been in counseling, hiv support groups, and seeing a psychiatrist every since. Accepting the fact that I am HIV positive has been very hard. I still have not been able to return to school, and I have tried to kill myself 3 times since then. To the sick f***k Isaac Burks, also known as Stephawn who gave me HIV, I hope you rott in hell. Now that I know his real name I will contact the authorities and tell my story. Every day I hope that things will get better, and it doesn t. I ask Why me? every day. What did I do to deserve this? I have not been able to date or have any sexual relations with anyone. I just know the minute I tell them my HIV status they will be out of the door. I am going to die alone. The last time I tried to commit suicide by swallowing a bottle of sleeping pills I woke up to my mother crying and begging me to stop. But I cant. I have nothing to live for. I am alive, but I am not living. I cried as I typed this post. I relived it, but felt I had to share my story. After finally coming out to my friends with my story I later found out that there were others that this man infected with HIV. Read Isaac Don Burks Response on his Facebook Page Below: Isaac Don Burks Facebook Page I can only say i pray 4 the person or persons responsible for creating a false story about me spreading HIV to hundreds of people. I would love to get on here and bash every lie and false story that is floating around, but i have a life to live. I have friends and family who know and love me dearly and are in my corner. I am not a person who would intentionally bring pain and hurt to anyones life. I have seen what this disease does to people first hand losing my best-friend to this at such a young age. It baffles me to think that someone would actually have so much hate in their heart to make a factitious news article and take my past experiences to add more significance to the story. Loosing my mother was a very hard thing to deal with but to say im on a downward spiral of destruction because of this is outrageous. Im actually doing a lot better with my mother in heaven because with her watching over me this lie CANNOT WIN. See sometimes people are hurt so bad in life that they do things to others intentionally and maybe accidentally but this article was definitely intentional to hurt and assassinate my character and mainly make me out to be a monster. I pray for you whoever you are. See my GOD doesn t allow me to hate or to dwell in this foolishness with the serpent. I can say that i was always taught that the devil comes to steal, kill, and destroy. SATAN get behind me because no weapon formed against me shall prosper!!!!! For the ones who are spreading the story via internet i ask u WWJD, what if this was you or your brother, uncle, cousin, farther. I m not madd because i know who i am and im better then this. When your life is going so good things come to make u backslide into worldly ways but i want. I dont have anyhing else really to say besides GOD BLESS you all
South African firm ordered to lay off 3,389 white employees
A South African utility company has been given an ultimatum to reduce it s number of white employees by 44.3% over the next five years. This means 3,389 whites have to go. It is part of the Federal Black Empowerment program. For years, Eskom has been under orders to only hire non-whites as new employees. The firm says it is having major problems finding enough qualified non-white applicants. Currently, Eskom s middle managers are 30% white and it s skilled labor force is 21% white. The South African government has also ordered Eskom to reduce it s safety requirements to make it easier for non-white applicants to qualify for jobs. Eskom is ordered to reduce the number of white engineers by 1,081, and the number of white skilled laborers by 2,179. South Africa is currently experiencing a rapid collapse of it s electrical infrastructure and power routinely goes out all over the country. Source (South Africa Channel 24) Share this: Facebook Reddit Twitter Google Pinterest
Colorado Rockies Baseball Team To Sell Marijuana Brownies At Their Concession Stands
Colorado Rockies Baseball Team To Sell Marijuana Brownies At Their Concession Stands DENVER, COLORADO - With the new laws in effect in Colorado, major sports organizations are looking for ways to cash in on the newest legal cash crop in the state. Sources are reporting that Major League Baseball s Colorado Rockies plan to sell food items which contain marijuana at concession stands during games next season. The first item on the list? Pot Brownies. An official within the Rockies organization stated that the Rockies organization has given the green light to concession stands selling marijuana brownies. High ranking officials in the Rockies organization say they are thrilled at the new menu item since they note that it will bring in tens of thousands of dollars per month. The Rockies head office is hoping that the sale of marijuana brownies will also boost sales of other concession items. What better way to sell concessions that to give everyone in the stadium the munchies? SIDENOTE: An inside source with the organization said that it appears that the strain of marijuana that will be used in the making of the marijuana brownies will be Durango Bango which is considered to be the very best weed in the Rocky Mountain State.
New Star Wars Movie Filming Near Rosenberg Texas Large Number of Extras Needed
Backstage's auditions in Houston, Texas, include theater, film, television, commercials, and voiceover roles. New Houston auditions are posted to Backstage.com daily. You can further refine your search by age range, production type, gender, union status and more, and save your search to have new Dallas casting notices sent directly to your inb
BREAKING Ken Starr s Plane Just Disappeared On His Way To DC To Testify Against Hillary
Early this morning, Ken Starr, the lead prosecutor who helped congress impeach Bill Clinton, was on his way to Washington DC when his plane disappeared from radar. The crash spot was just outside of Wilkershire, Maryland. The NTSB says the control tower from the Philadelphia airport has lost full contact with the plane just two minutes before the crash explosion and that without a significant development, reports are saying that all five people on board were killed. Starr was on Trey Gowdy s witness program and he was supposed to appear before the congressman s special investigative committee that has recently found itself investigating crimes from the 1990s.
BREAKING Autopsy Results From Vince Foster s Exhumed Body Cause Of Death To Be Changed
A string of events this week has led to incredible results in a 23-year-old case that had gone completely cold. After a reporter for The Washington Examiner was shot dead in front of his home and a letter was sent to his editor on his behalf, an investigation began into the death of Clinton attorney Vince Foster. Foster s death in 1993 had been ruled a suicide. . With new evidence, Rep. Trey Gowdy successfully petitioned a federal judge to have the body of Vince Foster exhumed for autopsy. The body wasn t autopsied before burial the first time, which aided in the theory of a cover-up. Forensic specialists examined the body last night at the Naval Hospital in Norfolk, Virginia, concluding that the cause of death for Mr. Foster should be changed from suicide to homicide. . LT Col. James McFitting, head of the hospital s forensics lab, told reporters in his office that Foster had not one but two gunshot wounds, both of which would have been fatal. There would be no way he could have pulled the trigger himself a second time. The wounds were also in the back of his head, meaning unless he reached all the way around to make it look like a murder and fired two identical guns at the same time, the original story was impossible. . The doctor who signed Foster s death certificate died in a car crash a few months later and the police detectives who worked the case have both left the country, never to be seen again. Without the letter from the reporter, Mr. Foster may have never seen justice. . The case has been turned over to the FBI, who has clear jurisdiction at this point, for the difficult task of connecting the dots from Foster s death directly to Bill and Hillary Clinton. Director Comey has assured the congressional panel that he will personally see to it that all of the bureau s resources are made available. . In other words, Clinton will be getting away with murder again.
Doctors Who Discovered Cancer Enzymes In Vaccines All Found Murdered
Doctors Who Discovered Cancer Enzymes In Vaccines All Found Murdered Nagalese prevents vitamin D being produced In the body Neon Nettle reported on the epidemic of doctors being murdered, most of which were in Florida, U.S. These scientists all shared a common trait; they had all discovered that Nagalase enzyme protein was being added to vaccines which were then administrated to humans. Nagalese is what prevents vitamin D from being produced in the body, which is the body's main defense to naturally kill cancer cells. (SCROLL DOWN FOR VIDEO) According to Thebigriddle.com: Nagalase is a protein that's also created by all cancer cells. This protein is also found in very high concentrations in autistic children. And they're PUTTING it in our vaccines!! This prevents the body from utilizing the Vitamin D necessary to fight cancer and prevent autism. Nagalese disables the immune system. It's also known to cause Type 2 Diabetes. So basically they weren't killing these doctors because they had found the cure to cancer or were successfully treating autism they're killing them because these Dr's had been researching and had the evidence that the vaccines they're injecting our precious children with are CAUSING our current cancer and autism crisis!! And that it's obviously being done knowingly and on purpose! The Dr's they killed in FL had been collaborating and were getting ready to go public with the information. Depopulation 101..add poison to vaccines make it law that all children must be injected to attend school. Slow kill methods. They think they're being fair w/ their "survival of the fittest" type mentality. Only the best genes survive? These people have no souls.
Police Find 19 White Female Bodies In Freezers With Black Lives Matter Carved Into Skin
Rasheed Thompson, 39 of Chicago, was arrested in connection with a series of dead bodies found in a freezer located in his basement. According to reports, the bodies had the words Black Lives Matter carved into the foreheads of the corpses. The Chicago coroners office made a gruesome discovery today after several 911 calls were placed by neighbors regarding their concern of suspicious activity at the residence of Thompson. At approximately 8 p.m., police were dispatched to South Pulaski Road and West Lexington Street. Upon their arrival, their arrival, authorities were met by a group of residents at the corner where they assisted police in locating the home in question. Police proceeded to the 3000 Block of West Lexington Street where they located the home. Authorities knocked on the door of the residence and was met by an African-American male, who appeared to be in his late 30 s and seemed to be under the influence of drugs . Upon entering the home, authorities indicated that the home smelled of death . The power was off in the house however authorities found a gasoline powered generated running in the kitchen. A Black male, approximately in his 30 s, opened the door with the smell of alcohol and marijuana on his body. He appeared to be somewhat disoriented and his speech was slurred. We asked him for permission to enter the premises, however he seems reluctant to allow us to enter, said Lt. Kyle Jennings. After a few seconds, he mumbled yes to us. Once we entered the home, we were met with a very foul odor as if something was dead in the home. The power was off so we used our flash lights to look around. As we approached the rear of the home, a light was on in the kitchen. We asked the occupant for his name. He identified himself and told us he lived with his grandmother. In the kitchen, we found several handsaws covered in blood. Mr. Thompson pushed one of the officers and ran downstairs through a half-opened door in the kitchen. Rasheed Thompson, 39 of Chicago, was arrested in connection with a series of dead bodies found in a freezer located in his basement. According to reports, the bodies had the words Black Lives Matter carved into the foreheads of the corpses. The Chicago coroners office made a gruesome discovery today after several 911 calls were placed by neighbors regarding their concern of suspicious activity at the residence of Thompson. At approximately 8 p.m., police were dispatched to South Pulaski Road and West Lexington Street. Upon their arrival, their arrival, authorities were met by a group of residents at the corner where they assisted police in locating the home in question. Police proceeded to the 3000 Block of West Lexington Street where they located the home. Authorities knocked on the door of the residence and was met by an African-American male, who appeared to be in his late 30 s and seemed to be under the influence of drugs . Upon entering the home, authorities indicated that the home smelled of death . The power was off in the house however authorities found a gasoline powered generated running in the kitchen. A Black male, approximately in his 30 s, opened the door with the smell of alcohol and marijuana on his body. He appeared to be somewhat disoriented and his speech was slurred. We asked him for permission to enter the premises, however he seems reluctant to allow us to enter, said Lt. Kyle Jennings. After a few seconds, he mumbled yes to us. Once we entered the home, we were met with a very foul odor as if something was dead in the home. The power was off so we used our flash lights to look around. As we approached the rear of the home, a light was on in the kitchen. We asked the occupant for his name. He identified himself and told us he lived with his grandmother. In the kitchen, we found several handsaws covered in blood. Mr. Thompson pushed one of the officers and ran downstairs through a half-opened door in the kitchen. Lt. Jennings and two other officers chased Thompson down the stairs which is where the foul odor had gotten stronger. When the officers got to the basement, they found a series of freezers scattered around the basement. With no trace of Thompson, one officer continued to search for him as the other two pried opened three locked deep freezers. Upon their discovery, 11 decapitated bodies were found frozen, while the heads where in ziplock freezer bags. All of the bodies appeared to have been Caucasian women, possibly in their early to mid-20 s. The heads that were found all had the words Black Lives Matter carved into the foreheads. The bodies were were preserved, possibly from being stored in the deep freezers. The police radioed for back up and the other freezers were opened where 8 more bodies in similar condition were found, however one of the women was still alive. Authorities at the scene helped the woman out of the freezer and waited for paramedics to arrive. I was kidnapped by this Black guy after I left work earlier today. We talked for while at Starbucks, where I work, before everything happened. At first he seemed pretty nice but he had this weird twitch that happened every couple of minutes. He asked if he could walk me to my car and I said yes, but that is when everything went dark. When I woke up, I was in this basement and I saw that guy I was with earlier taking saws up the stairs. I cried for help and that is when he stuffed me into a freezer where I saw dead bodies. I must have passed out from shock or something but I am happy you guys found me, said to police by the victim. Officer Douglas, who was searching for Thompson, found him in a crawl space in the basement. Police ran a background check on him and discovered that he was arrested during a protest for the police involved shooting death of Laquan McDonald. Thompson had no prior criminal record according to authorities. The names of the victims have not been released. Thompson was taken into custody by police and had later tested positive for PCP which authorities believe may have lead to Thompson s crimes.
BREAKING Florida Moves For FULL RECOUNT Of State Over Massive Voter Fraud DETAILS
According to a lawsuit filed Monday in Leon Circuit Court, it was Hillary Clinton who won the state of Florida, not Donald Trump. In an attempt to overturn the election results, Floridians have filed a motion for a recount in their state. According to the Detroit Free Press, hacking, malfunctioning voting machines, and other problems are sole
2 Liberal Democrat Congressmen Arrested For Planning Trump s Assassination
Need more proof that liberalism is a disease? Two United States Representatives were just arrested for plotting to carry out the assassination of President Trump. These aren t some off-the-hook left wing extremists, they re typical men with what seem like typical lives but liberalism has turned them insane with jealousy and rage. Rep. Harold Spunkmeyer (D-Illinois) and Rep. Johnathon Leominster Jr (D-Massachusetts) were taken to a military holding facility under suspicion of terrorism for plotting to murder the President. Several of their closest aides as well as their families have also been detained. As we speak, a special unit of the Secret Service is closing the net on all of their friends and anyone else who could potentially cause harm to President Trump. According to reports, intelligence was gathered from the men s computers that they were planning to ambush the president during one of his trips to Florida, giving them 4 to 5 possible attack attempts per month to work with. It s unclear where exactly the attacks would have taken place, but the agents in charge of the investigation say they are certain the men were serious about the plan: Their plans were hidden from plain sight in what they said was a design for a new video game, said Special Agent George Ketterman, While they never actually used the president s name or purchased any of the items listed in the game, like grappling hooks, stinger missiles, bulletproof jetskis or yellow cake uranium, there was enough evidence when presented to the president for him to order us to take them as terrorism suspects. In unrelated news, the men were known to be strong opponents of the Trump agenda and were also organizing massive protests and marches in their districts. ABC reports that between them they had raised more signatures opposing Trump s executive orders on immigration and travel than any other lawmakers in Washington. NBC News tried to reach out to the men s lawyers to see if there would be a statement available but couldn t find one. It would appear that the men, their families and whoever may have been stupid enough to represent them will just disappear as enemies of the state under the Patriot Act. Welcome to Trump s America, liberals. If you step out of line you ll be removed altogether.
Evangelical Leader Says Those Who Oppose Trump Could Be Punished with Gay Child
Donald Trump may be an adulterer, he may be crude, and he may have cheated people out of the money he owed them. If you doubt that Donald Trump is God s chosen leader, however, you may be inviting misfortune upon yourself and succeeding generations of your family according to some Evangelical leaders. Mary Colbert for one, is certain of this: It s not that Donald Trump is all that perfect of a guy. We all know he s not. And we know that he s not necessarily perfect in every way that we would like. That s not how God works. He works through the ones he chooses. We don t choose them. All we have to do is recognize them and when you recognize a chosen one and you have the discernment to know that they ve been chosen and know that that s the will of God, then your life will be blessed. And if you come against the chosen one of God, you are bringing upon you and your children and your children s children curses like you have never seen. It puts a holy fear in me. Evangelist Kenneth Copeland echoes Mary Colbert s warning, and fleshes out how God will mete out punishment for not supporting President Trump, when he appeared on the Trinity Broadcasting Network last year: If Christians don t support Trump, they are risking the wrath of God. Trump has been chosen by God, and by rejecting him, they are rejecting God. They could be punished with barrenness, poverty, or even having a gay child. Copeland appeared on Colbert s Pray for America call-in prayer this morning, and from the looks of what we see here, it was a meeting of like minds.
If A Woman Is Not Intelligent Enough To Keep Her Legs Closed, How Can We Entrust The Abortion Decision To Her? WalkWithHer
Recently, Republican Ohio Gov. John Kasich vetoed the so-called heartbeat bill, a measure that would have banned all abortions after about six weeks of pregnancy, or before many women even know that they are pregnant. At the same time, Kasich signed a bill banning abortion after 20 weeks of pregnancy, with exceptions only for saving a pregnant woman s life or preventing the substantial and irreversible impairment of a major bodily function. At the risk of sounding discriminatory, which is not at all my goal here, but at the risk of sounding like that, there is no way women should be allowed control over whether or not they are going to have abortions, Kasich told the Ohio Daily Star. Women are wonderful beings, they are kind, loving, incredible and a whole other plethora of adjectives could be used to describe them, but at the end of the day, I m sorry to have to say this, but the honest truth is that women used to be all those things. The women of today are mainly opportunists and gold diggers, who typically get pregnant due to unsafe sex, or to get their partners to marry them. He continued, Our mothers and women of the old times were the women every man deserved and was blessed to have. Today, the situation is so critical that I honestly fear for the future of this country. And so, I was in a position to make a change and do something important, and so I did. And there s one very simple reason why I did it. That s that, if a woman these days is not intelligent enough to keep her legs closed when they re supposed to be closed, if she doesn t have the foresight to make sure she doesn t get herself in a situation where she might be pregnant, then there is no way a woman like that can or should be entrusted with the decision of having an abortion. A woman like that can barely take care of herself, and we re supposed to tell our doctors to perform an abortion on such a woman and kill her unborn child a being who s done no wrong and only exists as its mother s mistake? Do you really want to put the men and women in our healthcare in that kind of situations? To literally force them to commit manslaughter? Kasich said. I don t know about the rest of the people living in my state, but I for one am not comfortable with that one bit. And so I reacted and did what was necessary to prevent that from happening. And I ll tell you another thing as of recently, all cases of out-of-wedlock pregnancies in the state of Ohio will have to be approved by the state. That means that every single couple that becomes pregnant and isn t married or at the very least engaged, will be scrutinized to determine whether the pregnancy was planned or accidental. And in the case of the latter, the couple will be fined a total of $100,000, with $70,000 of the fine being charged on the mother-to-be for not being able to not only use birth control, but having sex before marriage in the first place. Women in this country really need to learn to either keep their legs closed or their other orifices open, the governor concluded. Source:newslo.com
Vin Diesel Had This to Say About the Residents of Rockford, Illinois WBN 12 News
Share this on Facebook: Facebook Share this on Facebook: Facebook ROCKFORD, Illinois During a radio interview this morning, Hollywood actor Vin Diesel took a moment to praise Rockford, Illinois residents who had helped him with a mechanical issue with his rental car as he passed through the city recently: We were just leaving the city limits of Rockford, Illinois when the damn car overheated or something so I pulled it over to the side of the road and within just a minute or two there were a couple of cars that pulled over to help me out. I told them that I was on the phone with the rental car company but one of them had a brother who owned a tow truck and a few minutes later it was there and he towed it to a place nearby to get fixed. So then the one guy finds out that I m not from there and offers to take me in to get lunch while my car is getting fixed and I m thinking, Sure, what the hell. So we drove to the finest dining spot in Rockford some place on State Street, I think and got a burger. Great freakin burger too. These guys had no idea who I was either which made my day, honestly. I m telling you, these people in Rockford are the real deal. I m going to move there after I retire, Diesel said with a laugh. Diesel added later, You have to understand, this is something that would ve never happened in L.A.! So yeah, that s my story about Rockford, Illinois. It s nice to know there are still places like this in America. photo by Gage Skidmore / CC BY-SA 3.0 / cropped Share this on Facebook: Facebook
Texas law enforcement officer fatally shot upon arriving for work by 3 muslim refugee. Do you support to deport them?
A highly regarded Texas law enforcement officer was shot and killed Monday moments after arriving for work in an attack that prompted a massive manhunt for the gunman. The shooting of Harris County Precinct 3 Assistant Chief Deputy Clinton Greenwood did not appear to be random, according to Baytown police Lt. Steve Dorris, but a motive was not immediately clear. Whether or not he was specifically targeted, or whether this was because of the uniform he was wearing or the place he pulled up to in the morning, we just don t know that right now, Dorris said. No arrests had been made as of Monday evening. Dorris said authorities were still actively investigating the shooting.
Tampa man loses testicles after trying to 'fill scuba tank with weed smoke'
A 32-year old Tampa local has suffered extensive injuries to his lower body after an unconventional attempt to fill a scuba tank with weed smoke failed spectacularly last night. According to the testimony of several witnesses, Darren Winters had consumed a copious quantity of alcohol before making the decision to demonstrate the home-made device. Darren s a recreational diver, commented one of the injured man s friends. For some time, he s been tinkering with an old scuba tank that he d bought cheaply from a dive shop. His plan was to use an air compressor to feed smoke into the tank, and then use a scuba regulator to inhale it. Mr Winters invited a number of his friends over to his residence, an apartment in Ybor, telling them he d finally perfected what he called his scuba bong . Clearly it wasn t a bong at all, pointed out one of his friends when interviewed by local journalists, but he was so enamoured with that name we thought best not to correct him. When his friends assembled at Mr Winter s residence, they found him heavily intoxicated. He d had a number of celebratory drinks before we arrived, as he was so delighted to finally have his scuba bong up and running. With his friends present, Mr Winters proceeded to offer a demonstration of the home-made device in action. This is the point that everything went horribly wrong. According to the witnesses, Mr Winters was attempting to reattach the air compressor when he stumbled, knocking the scuba tank off a workbench and onto the concrete floor. The tank basically exploded after [Winters] knocked it over, commented one of the witnesses. None of Winter s friends were injured, but the blast from the ruptured tank sent shrapnel flying directly into his lower body. Winter s friends quickly phoned for an ambulance and he was rushed to hospital, where surgeons spent over eight hours treating his extensive wounds. His condition has now been downgraded from critical to serious , but medical staff announced they d been unable to save his testicles which had been cleanly severed by a shard of metal. Preliminary investigations have identified that the scuba tank used by Winters may be banned from dive use throughout the US. This tank was manufactured prior to 1992 and made of a type aluminium alloy that is known to have a high risk of fracturing, commented the lead investigator on the case. We regularly audit dive shops in Tampa to ensure these tanks are not being sold; however, the ban only extends to using the tank when diving. If [Winters] purchased the tank for the purpose of inhaling cannabis, the retailer has technically not breached the law. This news will be little comfort to Mr Winters, who will likely be unable to file for compensation against the business that sold him the defective tank. The young man faces a long recovery, but his associates shared their optimism that he would pull through. He s one of the toughest guys I know, commented one of Mr Winter s friends. He ll take the fact he won t be able to have kids pretty hard, though. Correction: An earlier version of this post stated the victim was unemployed. Mr Winters is actually employed on a part-time basis at a Tampa pizza restaurant. We regret the error. In other news making headlines, a 68-year old man from Decatur in Northern Alabama has discovered that his new bride is actually his own grand-daughter. The couple have no plans to divorce.
United Airlines Flight Attendant Slaps Crying Baby During Flight
During a flight from New York City to Chicago, violence erupted after a flight attendant assaulted a 7 month-old baby boy. This comes just hours after a man was dragged off of an overbooked United Airlines flight when he refused to get off the plane. He was pulled out of his seat and thrown into the aisle as seen on a video released on Monday. The baby, whose name has not been released, was left with a welt mark across his face due to the assault. Eyewitnesses say the little boy was screaming for about 38 minutes straight and the parents were asked by the flight attendant several times to quiet that annoying ass baby down. After the 4th attempt to get the parents to comply, the flight attendant erupted into a rage grabbing the baby from the mother s arms and slapping him in the face. It took several passengers to subdue the United Airlines employee. The flight attendant was restrained in the back of the plane until the Pilot could make an emergency landing in Missouri. United Airlines released a statement saying the employee acted in a way that does not represent their company and has been fired. The little boy is said to be in stable condition with no life-threatening injuries. The parents say they are reaching out to an attorney, refusing to give any further statements.
MALIA OBAMA EXPELLED FROM HARVARD
Malia Obama, who has decided that as an adult she wants to be a pot smoking, rap listening, twerking party girl, has been ousted from the student roster at Harvard University. The school s chancellor, Malcolm Little, said that regardless of her status as a former first daughter, the rules are the rules and she won t be welcome there this fall. The stunning announcement came after Malia was caught in a Boston hotel lounge vaping marijuana with friends. Harvard has a strict no drug policy. Massachusetts is one of the states that now allows for recreational marijuana and the hotel is weed friendly, but that doesn t change the fact that she broke the rules. Malia s lawyer has pointed out that the school has turned the other way on the marijuana issue when their entire rowing team, made up of 14 white males, was caught selling and smoking marijuana cigarettes during the offseason. Chancellor Little remarked that the difference was that the members of the rowing team are hard-working, established students whose parents are paying cash for their education while Malia hasn t attended yet, isn t planning on playing a sport and is going to the school on a combination of a scholarship from the Clinton Foundation and taxpayer-funded grants. The Obama family lawyer is planning on filing a discrimination suit, because isn t everything about race?
Trump on Revamping the Military
COSTA MESA, Ca. GOP presidential front-runner and billionaire entrepreneur Donald Trump on Thursday unveiled his plan to make the military great again, saying he intends to reinstate the draft as part of a larger effort to bolster America s armed forces. We re bringing back the draft, okay? We re going to bring it back and were going to make America as strong as we were in the Sixties, Trump declared while addressing supporters at the Pacific Amphitheater in Costa Mesa. I love the Sixties, said Trump, continuing, I was a very big supporter of the Vietnam war and, of course, the troops. No one supports the troops more than I do. In addition to bringing back military conscription, Mr. Trump said that if elected, he will enact legislation that will guarantee citizenship to anyone who serves in the armed forces for a minimum of four years. You have people coming into this country, coming over our borders, expecting a free ride. We re not going to give it to them, folks. They re going to have to earn their citizenship. Trump has repeatedly stated that he won t rule out using nuclear weapons against the Islamic State. On Thursday he expanded on his claims, saying he would instruct the Pentagon to begin testing man-portable tactical nuclear weapons to be used by American soldiers on the battlefield. We re not going to have unquestionable military dominance if we re seen as too weak to use these weapons against our enemies. Rather than use conventional means such as drone strikes or economic sanctions to respond to acts of terrorism or other forms of aggression against the United States, Trump vowed to exercise the nuclear option extremely liberally. My feeling is we have these weapons and we ve spent a great deal of money developing and improving them over the years; there s absolutely no reason why we shouldn t be using them. The former reality TV star accused President Obama of making the country less safe by employing tact and diplomacy when dealing with foreign leaders. This guy s the president of the United States and he s bowing to the Chinese. They re laughing in our faces, okay? They re laughing in our faces and if we don t do something about it, they re going to surpass us militarily and economically and then we re going to have a huge problem on our hands. Donald Trump kicked off the start of his California campaign on Thursday where he made a stop in Costa Mesa, a semi-rural farming community located in Orange County. The GOP presidential hopeful is scheduled to address California s Republican convention on Friday.
Eric Trump My Father s Tax Return Is Irrelevant Because We re Going To Cancel Taxes For WEALTHY People Anyway
President Donald Trump was very active on Twitter Easter morning and lashed back at protesters wanting to see his tax returns, saying he shouldn t have to show them since he easily won the Electoral College. Moments after he defended no longer calling China a currency manipulator, now that they are giving him a helping hand with North Korea, Trump dismissed calls for his tax returns by responding on Twitter. I did what was almost an impossible thing to do for a Republican-easily won the Electoral College! Now Tax Returns are brought up again? Trump tweeted. As always, his son Eric was there to provide a helping hand in defending his father. During an brief phone interview with KYXL Radio based out of Orlando, Florida, President Trump s second son argued that his father s tax return is irrelevant, largely because he knows all there is to know about following the letter of the law, especially when it comes to paying taxes. He said, When you come from a background like the one my father comes from, you have to know all there is about paying taxes and doing your part to make this country a better place. Eric continued, And while we re on the subject, I kind of have to say, it s funny how taxes work. They sort of punish the hardest working and most productive members of our society while taking nothing from those who would rather be lazy and beg on the streets. That s kind of not fair. What he have here is a system that flat out punishes those who want to contribute and make their lives better and at the same time, rewards those who want to be nothing more than dead weight. The worst part is, I m not saying something that s revolutionary here; this system has been in place ever since the country was established. My father, regardless of the fact that he s president, is just one person out of millions of those who are capable enough to be successful but are simultaneously struck down by our tax system. That s a catastrophe. The self-proclaimed businessman then revealed plans to fix the broken tax system of the United States. At the end of the day, it s irrelevant whether my father choses to disclose his tax return or not. It won t matter soon anyway, Eric argued. Asked to elaborate, he said that President Trump is soon going to move forward with an executive order that cancels taxes for extra productive people in the U.S. economy. It s our way of saying good job to all those hard-working men and women who are single-handedly keeping our national budget afloat by working around the clock and paying their taxes. It is to them that this country owes its gratitude. They are the reason we are the single greatest nation in the world. As for the fact that my father happens to be among the people who are to be freed from paying tax, I can assure you there is no conflict of interest there. This is not a move designed to make it so my father doesn t have to pay tax; like I said, it s a sort of thank you from him to the entrepreneurs, businessmen and other hard-working Americans who have done their duties thus far. As for the rest, I guess they ll just have to find some other way to get free meals once the economy starts favoring those who are willing to actually get off their butts and go to work. No more freeloaders, that s where we re going with this. Bottom line, if you ve got two working legs and a minimally functioning brain, you can sustain yourself. And you re going to have to pretty soon, Eric concluded.
ProLifers Declare Ejaculation Is Murder Every Sperm Cell Is A Life
The pro-life movement in the USA have stated that they believe that human life starts at the moment of conception and so the human fetus can be considered a human being, and hence they should have their rights to live. Recently, another argument broke out last month which has created a huge debate regarding abortion. Different religious groups have different views on this topic. Pro-lifers have stated that they believe that ejaculation is equivalent to murder and there should be laws to stop that. Rachel Stratt, a pro-life activist commented that conception is the starting point of life, and that is why they don't believe in birth control. According to them, semen has been provided by the Almighty for a particular purpose to seed life and wasting it is simply showing your disrespect towards God. They believe that every sperm cell is life, and ejaculation means killing all those babies. The pro-life protesters are now asking the government to make a law which would make ejaculating for own gratification illegal throughout the USA. So many lives are lost only because men ejaculate watching p0rn videos on adult sites like Pornhub just to satisfy themselves. This is murder, there is an urgent need to protect the sperms, and the babies. In fact, a petition was submitted on Change.org stating that sperm wastage due to self-satisfaction should be made illegal, and it has already received over 85,000 signatures. It needs another 15,000 signatures before the White House will be reviewing it. 38 women who are in the White House reported that this bill would be passed if that opportunity ever arises.
Trump warns Russia over Jehovah s Witnesses ban and urges members to seek asylum in the US
President Donald Trump has sent a strong message to the Russia Federation over the country s ban on the peaceful activities of Jehovah s Witnesses. Trump warns Russia to reverse its decision immediately else he would use the country s own constitution against them. You know right that this is contrary to the constitution of the land of the Russia Federation. I request you to reverse the decision immediately before I use your own constitution against you Trump warned. Trump went on to invite all Jehovah s Witnesses in Russia to seek asylum in the United States until their religious rights are reinstated in Russia. As this is an infringement of your fundamental human rights, I therefore urge you to seek asylum in the United States until your rights are fully reinstated. Trump urged. Supreme Court judge Yuri Ivanenko reads the decision in a courtroom in Moscow Thursday AP Russia s Supreme Court ruled on April 20, 2017 that the Jehovah s Witnesses organization should be closed down and no longer allowed to operate legally in Russia, Human Rights Watch said today. The ruling, which affects more than 100,000 Jehovah s Witness worshippers across Russia, is a serious breach of Russia s obligations to respect and protect religious freedom. The case could be taken to the European Court of Human Rights, which ruled a previous attempted ban on Jehovah s Witnesses in Russia unlawful in 2010. The Supreme Court was deciding on a claim lodged by the Russian ministry of justice to liquidate the group s administrative centre near St Petersburg and 395 local organizations. Its decision will come into effect within 30 days unless an appeal is lodged, when it will be delayed until the resolution of the case. The Supreme Court has ruled to sustain the claim of Russia s ministry of justice and deem the Administrative Centre of Jehovah s Witnesses in Russia organization extremist, eliminate it and ban its activity in Russia, said judge Yuri Ivanenko. The property of the Jehovah s Witnesses organization is to be confiscated to the state revenue. A lawyer for the justice ministry, Svetlana Borisova, told the court adherents pose a threat to the rights of the citizens, public order and public security . Jehovah s Witnesses, who are known for door-to-door preaching and handing out literature, reject some of mainstream Christianity s core beliefs and have more than 8.3 million members around the world.
Donald Trump to issue an executive order to ban Facebook across US
Year 2017 does not seem to be going well for the United States of America. Sources have said that US President Donald Trump will soon issue an executive order to ban Facebook in the country. On the other hand, even some Republican leaders said that they were opposed to the idea of Facebook an American corporation being banned in the country. Unfazed by the criticism from his own party members, Trump said that this move would fight fake news being circulated on social media websites. "Inside, we both know what's been going on. We know the game and we're gonna play it," said Trump. File image of US President Donald Trump. AP File image of US President Donald Trump. AP Governance involves taking difficult steps, said the US president, adding that despite Facebook taking action against fake news, a lot of false stories and 'alternative facts' were still being circulated on the site. Other social websites like Twitter and Instagram, though, will be excluded from the executive order. The people working for Facebook are not happy about this selective exclusion. Rick Rowlinson, a source from Facebook, said that even if the ban on Facebook was actually meant to fight against fake news, the President's "commitment" should have not just been limited to Facebook. "You know the rules and so do I. A full commitment's what I'm thinking of," Rowlinson said. "You wouldn't get this from any other guy," he added, shaking his head. In California, where Facebook is based, a large section of people have already begun protesting against this move. Courts in the US had earlier blocked Trump's travel ban executive order. Keen on supporting the President, Vice President Mike Pence has also said that he will support the executive order if it is passed by Trump. Reacting to this proposed order, Facebook co-founder and CEO Mark Zuckerberg said that Facebook will continue to run its operations from California even if the site is banned in the US. On Trump's claim to fight fake news, Zuckerberg said that an outright ban was not the correct way to fight false news. Last month, reports were saying that a court in Pakistan was mulling action against Facebook over 'blasphemous content'. Lately, there have been some countries speaking out against social media websites. If Trump's executive order is passed, US will join the list of those countries. Employees of Facebook are planning to start a signature campaign against the order if it gets passed. Donald Trump's remarks on Facebook and Zuckerberg's response has gone viral.
BREAKING NEWS Sarah Palin In A Coma After Hit And Run
It seems as though there may be more than the normal forces at play here. Former Governor of Alaska Sarah Palin was the victim of a horrendous crime this morning while driving to meet a friend on the Pacific Coast Highway. She was run off the road in what authorities are calling a hit and run and nearly killed. The SUV she was driving rolled over several times and ended up in a drainage ditch. Governor Palin was taken to a local hospital under an alias in case the hit and run were on purpose and not a random act of reckless driving. According to her spokesman, she is currently in a coma with 2 broken vertebrae and a broken thigh. The Palin family has been notified and are currently making their way to her bedside. The FBI has been dispatched to the scene to collect evidence. The vehicle that ran her off the road was caught on a traffic camera and is being hunted by every law enforcement agency in the northwest.
Conservative Icon Ted Nugent Killed In Hunting Accident Americas Last Line of Defense
Join America's Last Line of Defense And Share This Article Now! 11.8k SHARES SHARE ON FACEBOOK SHARE ON TWITTER Ted Nugent, 70 s rocker turned hunting guide and conservative icon, was shot and killed early this morning in a tragic hunting accident. While setting up his tree stand just outside a wildlife reserve in Montana, Nugent was fired on and hit in the chest by a hunter with a scope nearly a quarter of a mile away who believed he was a brown bear. Details are still coming out, but apparently Nugent often hunts this are for animals that stray from the preserve. He was just setting up before dawn without any reflective or hunter s orange visible, wearing a fur hat he would typically change for a camo and orange version once the sun came up. The hunter who shot him faces manslaughter charges as the shot rang out and was recorded by a local game warden a full 15 minutes before dawn, which is the legal start of the day for hunting. The identity of the hunter hasn t been released. He was arrested and booked at the State Police barracks in Boseman. Nugent s family has been notified. UPDATE: Please send your thoughts and prayers to Ted s family and friends in this trying time.
Lindsey Graham threatens to convert to Democrat if Republicans don t Dump Trump
During a time when the Republican Party s presumptive nominee, Donald Trump, should be working to bring the party together and prepare for the primary battle against Hillary Clinton, he continues to deepen the divide between Republicans and Americans alike. Trump s recent attack on U.S. District Judge Gonzalo Curiel because of his Mexican-American background prompted Sen. Lindsey Graham to round up the Republicans who have previously endorsed Donald Trump, and persuade them to take it all back. Graham claimed that Trump s racist remarks were the most un-American thing from a politician since Joe McCarthy. If anybody was looking for an off-ramp, this is probably it, Graham told The New York Times. Senator Graham elaborated on this during an interview with NBC News Hallie Jackson. There are a lot of people who want to be loyal to the Republican Party, including me, he said. But there ll come a point in time where we re gonna have to understand that it s not just about the 2016 race, it s about the future of the party and I would like to support our nominee. I just can t. Donald Trump claimed that Judge Gonzalo Curiel, who is presiding over the Trump University case, has been biased toward him because of his Latino heritage. I couldn t disagree more with a statement like that, Senate Majority Leader Mitch McConnell (R-Ky.) said Sunday. Those kinds of comments are very serious to me, Rep. Susan Collins (R-Maine) said to News radio WGAN. They are completely unacceptable, and what they indicate which is why I think this is so serious is a lack of respect for our judicial system and for the separation of powers doctrine that is enshrined in the Constitution. Although many Republicans, including House Speaker Paul Ryan, have condemned Trump s accusations, they continue to support him.
Bill O Reilly In Critical Condition After Being Attacked By Tolerant Liberals News Feed Hunter
Bill O Reilly was reportedly minding his own business at a bagel shop in New York City this morning when he was approached by two women and three men who said they were disgusted by his behavior towards women at Fox News. O Reilly, who has never been afraid of anyone, turned and told the group to grow up and leave him alone. That s when the tolerant liberals got violent. One of the men grabbed O Reilly and dragged him out into the street, according to witnesses, where the other two men proceeded to kick him until he was unconscious and bleeding. The 5 perpetrators, who are still at large, ran off like the cowards they are. The police arrived within minutes and called for medical help. O Reilly was taken to St. Vincent s where he is in critical condition with 4 broken ribs and a punctured lung. Doctors also fear that he had a cardiac event and have him on a monitor. They are hopeful, but with O Reilly s age and the extent of his injuries, he may not make it through. The family is asking for privacy at this difficult time and police are asking for anyone with cell phone pictures or videos of the incident to contact them. So far nobody has come forward other than more New York liberals who say O Reilly got what he deserved for allegedly harassing women in the workplace. Liberals are always talking about cruel and unusual punishment. They don t want murderers to be executed or terrorists to be tortured, but it s perfectly acceptable for a man to be beaten within an inch of his life for something nobody has proven he s done. Liberalism is truly a mental disorder!
BREAKING Clinton Foundation Ordered To Cease Operations Chelsea Charged With Fraud
As we know, Clinton Foundation has been given an A+ as a charitable organization. It slightly made more reputable than the Red Cross. Now, it has been ordered to cease operations. Chelsea Clinton, the CEO, has been charged with fraud and a warrant issued for her arrest. But, following this news, Clintons were nowhere to be found for an interview. The reason behind the shutdown is the alleged pay for play donations that saw rich and powerful terrorists gain access to Washington DC in exchange for cash. During Clinton s time as Secretary of State, it s been rumored that the 9/11 attack mastermind along with Obama Bin Laden were all invited to the White House residence for ice cream sundaes and an evening of Scattergories. Then, the creator of ISIS, Osama Bin Laden was sent to Cheyenne Mountain to be sent off-world and kept safe from prosecution while Obama and Clinton staged his death. So, it all comes down to how Chelsea Clinton used her family foundation s cash to pay for her wedding, living expenses and taxes on gifts of cash from her parents. Doug Band, formerly a top aide to President Bill Clinton, griped about the former first daughter s spending in a Jan.4, 2012, email released by WikiLeaks. The investigation into her getting paid for campaigning, using foundation resources for her wedding and life for a decade, taxes on money from her parents , Band wrote to John Podesta, now Hillary Clinton s campaign chairman. I hope that you will speak to her and end this. Once we go down this road A chain of emails was hacked from Podesta s Gmail account and WikiLeaks has released more that 50,000 of the stolen emails over the past 32 days.
BREAKING NEWS: Road racing cyclist Lance Armstrong has died
American former professional road racing cyclist Lance Armstrong, 45, passed away on Wednesday, according to his family. His daughter Anna Armstrong posted on Wednesday morning that Lance passed away at 2:40 a.m. Bereft and full of grief, but still strangely peaceful in the knowledge that he is now free from all suffering, Anna posted on Facebook. Sources say the former cyclist, who won 2004 Tour de France had stage 4 colon cancer which he battled secretly. He carried on very well, at least for two years and underwent chemotherapy and stem cell therapy, the source said. However, Lance developed infections and succumbed to pneumonia, which later developed into sepsis. Anna said his father was admitted to the intensive care unit of a Texas Hospital. He passed away after falling into a coma and having very low blood pressure.
Fox Star Tucker Carlson In Critical Condition After Head On Collision Driving Home We Conservative
1.1k SHARES Share Tweet According to America s Last Line Of Defense: Fox News bright and shining primetime star, Tucker Carlson, was involved in a hit and run head-on collision on his way home from his live broadcast of Tucker Carlson Tonight, which is shot at Fox News in New York City. NYC Police Sargeant Michael O Leary told reporters that while he couldn t confirm the identity of the driver, a well-known news anchor was rammed in what looked like an act of violence and not an accident. EMT s on the scene were heard on their radios describing the man as Fox News anchor Tucker Carlson after retrieving his wallet. He was transported to Saint Mary s where he is said to be in critical condition and awaiting surgery. No other information is available from the hospital, which also refuses to release anything until they get the OK from police. The car that crossed the median and struck Carlson had a reinforced bumper and the steering wheel was covered with foam to provide the driver extra protection from a crash. It s obvious that someone wanted to do harm to another human being on purpose. Whether or not Carlson was specifically targeted or just in the wrong place at the wrong time remains unknown. The perpetrator fled the scene. The Ford Explorer he was driving had no plates or VIN numbers. Police have impounded it as evidence. Our thoughts and prayers are with Tucker s family tonight. This is a developing story that will be updated. *Reprinted with permission Related
Pence: Michelle Obama Is The Most Vulgar First Lady We ve Ever Had
Mike Pence said he didn t understand why Michelle Obama had so passionately condemned his running mate, Donald Trump, for boasting about forcibly grabbing women by their genitals. The First Lady denounced the Republican presidential nominee, although she never dismissively spoke his name, for speaking freely and openly about sexually predatory behavior which she said had shaken (her) to the core. First and foremost, Pence argued, I have no idea why Mrs. Obama, who will be departing the White House shortly, is even commenting on the future President of the United States, God-willing. That s the first thing I don t quite get. Secondly, if she s the First Lady, shouldn t she be focused on doing whatever it is that First Ladies are supposed to be doing as their duties while their husbands are rescuing the world? What s she doing commenting on and obviously worrying about her successor? That s not what she should be doing. The governor of Indiana also said that she has no business commenting on men and their restroom talk, as well as that that s not ladylike behavior. Now, I know that the word lady is kind of in her job description, but it looks to me she s not behaving like one, at least as of late, he said. If she was a real lady, she wouldn t be commenting on men s restroom talk and neglecting her own work and duties just so she could get a word out on a topic that she finds interesting for some reason. He continued, If we had anyone else serving as the first lady, they would pretend like they hadn t heard it and would be going about their business in a normal fashion. But no, Michelle Obama is so vulgar she s not only being vocal about it, but she s also convinced that her job title will add weight and significance to her words. And she may be fooling those who can t see through her smoke screen, but the rest of us have her figured out. She can t fool me, just like she can t fool Donald Trump or any other conservative American who has the guts to think for himself. How many times do I have to repeat the fact that what he did and the language he used was just restroom talk? Pence asked. He has apologized for it several times, and I really don t know what else people want him to do. And now you have countless media outlets spearheaded by the New York Times who are calling Donald a sexual predator. And as if that wasn t enough, the first lady also thinks she s ordinary enough to be commenting on the issue as well. That s just ridiculous. There is no way in hell Michelle Obama isn t working with the New York Times in a joint effort to smear the good name of Donald Trump, if you ask me. I refuse to believe all of these women who are popping up out of nowhere with stories that Donald Trump had sexually assaulted them are a random occurrence. This is too well organized to be an accident. And the entire Democratic Party is behind it, with the addition of their latest recruit, the soon-to-be ex-first lady Michelle Obama. And I m actually glad that s the case because when Donald wins, we ll offer all of them a job just for the fun of it, Pence concluded.
FBI Uncovers Evidence That 62 Million Trump Voters are All Russian Agents!
Anonymous sources within the FBI have revealed to The Times that they have new evidence indicating that everyone who voted for Donald Trump is an agent of the FSB (formerly the KGB). An unknown portion of these voters may have had their minds controlled by a Russian space-beam, agents close to the investigation say. The allegation that 62 million Americans appear to be employed by Russian intelligence services has rocked the Bureau, and it is reported that multiple agents have taken their own lives, given that realizing just how deep this Russian hacking conspiracy runs blew their minds literally. This shocking new revelation comes after it was confirmed as a fact that Russia did Wikileaks because Donald Trump personally called Vladimir Putin and asked him to. It was also revealed earlier this week that Alex Jones (real name Alexi Jonesinov ) is a Russian sleeper agent who was ordered by the FSB (formerly the KGB) to post news articles on the internet saying that Donald Trump would be a good President. However, the revelation that 62 million Americans are taking orders directly from the Kremlin is a revelation of a whole other order, which FBI agents are struggling with how to deal with. It was determined by Puerto Rican federal judge Mizu Tomazaki that it is a crime to support Donald Trump or to post positive things about him on the internet. 9th circuit judges Weinberg, Steinman and Goldenstein upheld the ruling. Despite this, the logistics of rounding up 62 million people and locking them in prison present a difficult task to overcome. It may also be that not every voter is a direct agent of the FSB (formerly the KGB), and some may have been under the control of a mind control beam in space. We have not determined for sure that everyone who voted for Trump was paid directly by the Kremlin, given that it is highly possible that the Russians used a space-beam from a satellite to control their brains from a facility in St. Petersburg, and moved their bodies like puppets to the polls to check the Trump box, one current agent familiar with the investigation told the times, describing the process of using a satellite-mounted space-beam to control people s actions as Russian neuro-brain hacking. This method was developed by the KGB, which became the FSB following the fall of the USSR. What we know for a fact is that the only reason anyone would vote for Donald Trump is that they were being influenced, whether through cash payments, blackmail or space beams, by Russian agents from the FSB (formerly the KGB). If people were not beholden to Russia, they would have voted for Hillary Clinton, a senior agent said, citing a definitive analysis by CrowdStrike, a contractor hired by the DNC to investigate Russian space-beam mind control. When asked for comment on these reports by The Times, Kremlin Spokesman Dmitry Peskov said the allegations of space-beam mind control by the FSB (formerly the KGB) were ridiculous, outrageous and goofy. Senator Chuck Schumer called the response from Peskov predictable, adding, what do you expect from the criminal Putinist regime that kills journalists, oppresses gays, invaded the Ukraine, murdered innocent Syrians and hacked our elections by controlling people s brains with a space-beam? Upon hearing of the revelation of the fact that 62 million American voters are working directly for Russia, Senator John McCain has called for mass arrests. He referred to all Trump voters as radical traitors to the core values and principles of democracy and human rights, and demanded they be imprisoned and their homes given over to Syrian refugees. TOGETHER WE WILL MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!
JEFFERSON DAVIS STATUE TO BE REPLACED WITH OBAMA LIKENESS
Workers in New Orleans dismantled the city s Jefferson Davis monument early Thursday, removing the prominent statue of the Confederate leader that had stood for more than 100 years. As workers slung a strap around the statue s waist and lifted it off its pedestal, at least 100 people cheered from across the street, outnumbering the few dozen protesters of the removal, some waving Confederate flags. This historic moment is an opportunity to join together as one city and redefine our future, Mayor Mitch Landrieu said as he announced that crews had begun removing the statue, the second of four planned removals of Confederacy-related monuments. The Mayor also made an announcement that the statue would be replaced with a bronze statue of the 44th President Barack Obama. It will be nice , Landrieu said, to see a monument to our first African-American President in the same spot that used to be a place to memorialize old racist White privilege. The Obama statue will be patterned after one erected in Kenya last year and will reportedly cost the Louisana taxpayers an estimated $800,000 dollars. Like an earlier removal, this one was performed in the dark because of death threats against city officials and contractors. Beaureguard Billy-Bob Johnson, one of the leaders of the opposition was outraged by not only the statue being taken down but the fact that it occurred in the middle of the night. We would have preferred it to be in the daytime, Johnson said, so everybody could see what they are doing the light of day. And I really hate coming downtown at night with all the darkies afoot and everything. Before the monument could be removed, police had to clear the immediate area of demonstrators both supporters of the monuments and those who want them taken away. Barricades were used to keep the sides separated, NOLA.com reported. The news outlet said chants by monument supporters included Where s Mitch? while opponents chanted, Hey hey, ho ho, white supremacy has got to go. As Fox news reported earlier, the mayor s plan calls for the Davis statue to be melted down and cast into smaller statues of Black Lives Matter leaders.
Family's private investigator: There is evidence Seth Rich had contact with WikiLeaks prior to death - Story
Seth Rich Seth Rich - EDITOR'S NOTE (5/17/17): We want to update you on a story you first saw on FOX 5 DC. We want to make an important clarification on claims that were made by Rod Wheeler, the private investigator hired by Seth Rich's family, whose services are being paid for by a third party. What he told FOX 5 DC on camera Monday regarding Seth Rich's murder investigation is in clear contrast to what he has said over the last 48 hours. Rod Wheeler has since backtracked. In an interview Monday, Wheeler told FOX 5 DC he had sources at the FBI confirming there was evidence of communication between Seth Rich and WikiLeaks. This is the verbatim of that exchange: FOX 5 DC: You have sources at the FBI saying that there is information... WHEELER: "For sure..." FOX 5 DC: ...that could link Seth Rich to WikiLeaks?" WHEELER: "Absolutely. Yeah. That's confirmed." In the past 48 hours, Rod Wheeler has told other media outlets he did not get his information from FBI sources, contradicting what he told us on Monday. Since Rod Wheeler backtracked Tuesday, FOX 5 DC attempted incessantly to communicate with him, but he didn't return calls or emails. On Wednesday, just before our newscast, Wheeler responded to our requests via a telephone conversation, where he now backtracks his position and Wheeler characterizes his on-the-record and on-camera statements as "miscommunication." When asked if Wheeler is still working for Seth Rich's family, Wheeler told FOX 5 DC the contract still stands-- ties have not been severed. We reached out once again to the Rich family, and through a spokesperson the Rich family tells FOX 5 DC, "The family has relayed their deep disappointment with Rod Wheeler's conduct over the last 48 hours, and is exploring legal avenues to the family." ----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- Original story: It has been almost a year since Democratic National Committee staffer Seth Rich was murdered in the nation's capital. There have been no solid answers about why he was killed until now. Rich was shot and killed last July in Northwest D.C and police have suggested the killing in the District's Bloomingdale neighborhood was a botched robbery. However, online conspiracy theories have tied the murder to Rich's work at the DNC. Just two months shy of the one-year anniversary of Rich's death, FOX 5 has learned there is new information that could prove these theorists right. Rod Wheeler, a private investigator hired by the Rich family, suggests there is tangible evidence on Rich's laptop that confirms he was communicating with WikiLeaks prior to his death. Wheeler's services were offered to the family and paid for by a third party, according to a statement issued by the Rich family Tuesday which also includes that "the private investigator who spoke to press was offered to the Rich family and paid for by a third party, and contractually was barred from speaking to press or anyone outside of law enforcement or the family unless explicitly authorized by the family." Now, questions have been raised on why D.C. police, the lead agency on this murder investigation for the past ten months, have insisted this was a robbery gone bad when there appears to be no evidence to suggest that. Wheeler, a former D.C. police homicide detective, is running a parallel investigation into Rich s murder. He said he believes there is a cover-up and the police department has been told to back down from the investigation. "The police department nor the FBI have been forthcoming, said Wheeler. They haven't been cooperating at all. I believe that the answer to solving his death lies on that computer, which I believe is either at the police department or either at the FBI. I have been told both. When we asked Wheeler if his sources have told him there is information that links Rich to Wikileaks, he said, Absolutely. Yeah. That's confirmed." Wheeler also told us, "I have a source inside the police department that has looked at me straight in the eye and said, Rod, we were told to stand down on this case and I can t share any information with you. Now, that is highly unusual for a murder investigation, especially from a police department. Again, I don t think it comes from the chief s office, but I do believe there is a correlation between the mayor's office and the DNC and that is the information that will come out [Tuesday]. Wheeler told FOX 5 that he will provide us with a full report with the new details. FOX 5's Melanie Alnwick spoke with D.C. Police on Tuesday and was told that Wheeler s assertion that a source inside the department told him that detectives were instructed to stand down regarding the Rich case was false. The family sent Alnwick a statement on Tuesday with the following statement: "As we've seen through the past year of unsubstantiated claims, we see no facts, we have seen no evidence, we have been approached with no emails and only learned about this when contacted by the press. Even if tomorrow, an email was found, it is not a high enough bar of evidence to prove any interactions as emails can be altered and we've seen that those interested in pushing conspiracies will stop at nothing to do so. We are a family who is committed to facts, not fake evidence that surfaces every few months to fill the void and distract law enforcement and the general public from finding Seth's murderers. The services of the private investigator who spoke to press was offered to the Rich family and paid for by a third party, and contractually was barred from speaking to press or anyone outside of law enforcement or the family unless explicitly authorized by the family." PREVIOUS COVERAGE ON THE SETH RICH MURDER INVESTIGATION: Family of DNC staffer Seth Rich seeking to raise money to help solve his murder Republican lobbyist says murder of DNC staffer Seth Rich linked to Russian operatives Mother of murdered DNC staffer Seth Rich pleads for public's help Republican lobbyist offers $100K reward in murder of Democratic National Committee staffer Seth Rich WikiLeaks offers $20K reward in murder of DNC staffer Seth Rich WikiLeaks founder addresses death of DNC staffer Seth Rich in Fox News interview Comments by Julian Assange fuel speculation that murdered DNC staffer may have been WikiLeaks source What happened during final hours slain DNC employee Seth Rich was alive? Parents of slain DNC employee make emotional plea to help find son's killer DNC honors murdered staffer Seth Rich with memorial bike rack outside of headquarters Vigil held for slain DNC staffer in Bloomingdale DNC employee fatally shot in Northwest DC
Donald Trump Praises Colonel Sanders for His Service in the Civil War
Fresh off his gaffe involving President Andrew Jackson and the Civil War, Donald Trump has made yet another historical faux pas regarding the War of Northern Aggression. In an interview with The Red Shtick, Trump regaled us with his other thoughts on the war that an angry Jackson totally saw coming. Trump has been struggling to defend his comments widely deemed preposterous, even by St. Landry Parish educational standards in which he claimed a man who owned as many as 300 slaves would ve found a way to prevent the Civil War. The Donald, a member of the Party of Lincoln, elaborated on his recent controversial remarks about how the first Democratic U.S. president, who died 16 years before the Civil War, would have managed to avoid a war the first Republican president could not. Trump, a noted fan of Kentucky Fried Chicken, explained how Col. Sanders took five loaves of Evangeline Maid bread and two chickens, added his secret blend of 11 herbs and spices, and turned these humble ingredients into delicious meals that lasted an entire winter. Speaking to our intern Dave Robicheaux, who is paid in Facebook likes, Trump insisted Col. Harland Sanders, whom he called a tremendous Civil War hero, once saved an entire army at Valley Forge from certain starvation. Trump, a noted fan of Kentucky Fried Chicken, explained how Col. Sanders took five loaves of Evangeline Maid bread and two chickens, added his secret blend of 11 herbs and spices, and turned these humble ingredients into delicious meals that lasted an entire winter. Robicheaux attempted to explain to Trump that Col. Sanders was born 25 years after the end of the war, that The Donald seemed to be confusing the food incident with a Biblical story about Jesus feeding the multitudes, and that Valley Forge was neither an encampment nor a battle site during the Civil War. Upon being confronted with these facts, The Donald abruptly ended his interview with us, and he was last seen headed for a Confederate monument removal protest in New Orleans while screaming about fake news. Church s Chicken and Popeye s Louisiana Kitchen were unavailable for comment. Incidentally, Trump has promised to deport every worker at those two companies restaurants if they don t share their respective secret recipes with him. The Red Shtick will update this story as new attacks from the White House on history and our deep-fried way of life develop. What Do You Think Of This Shtick?
NASA Will Pay You $18,000 To Stay In Bed And Smoke Weed For 70 Straight Days
We all get lazy from time to time and just want to quit everything, crawl back to bed under a layer of blankets and live there until we feel better. We might feel a bit guilty but a relaxing day in bed sounds awesome. Even though it s a luxury which few of us can afford, at least we can all fantasize about it. If you re one of those who are in desperate need of some peace and relaxation, NASA might offer you the perfect opportunity to do so and get payed on top of it. But it may involve a bit more relaxation than you re prepared for. NASA has put out an ad looking for people who re willing to take part in their Rest Studies a study which will require participant to spend 70 straight days in bed, relaxing and smoking different types of cannabis, for which they will receive a salary of 18.000 USD. During the relaxation period participants are allowed to read books, play games, Skype and smoke weed. They can do whatever they want as long as it involves staying in bed, week after week, earning a cool 1200 USD per week. So what is the exact purpose of these studies? These studies have the purpose of figuring out the best way to preserve astronauts health and safety during periods of prolonged space travel. Complete rest and relaxation is the best way to stimulate zero gravity in space because zero gravity actually means zero weight or strain on your muscle. Additionally, they wanted to see how marijuana will affect the body in such an environment. The Rest Study is a very convenient way to examine the changes our body endures during space travel. This study is designed to achieve three core tasks: Examining how the astronauts changing physiology in space could affect the process of certain missions. Examining if the astronauts physiological state could affect their ability to perform in particular tasks. Preparing countermeasures to combat any impairment that these physiological conditions may impose. The study s participants were divided into two groups: exercising and non-exercising. The exercising group will have to exercise (on a specially designed equipment to maintain the laying down position and smoke cannabis), while the non-exercising group will just have to lie down and relax completely. The entire study will last somewhere between 97 and 105, depending on whether you re in the exercising or non-exercising group. Once the study begins, during the initial 13 days (non-exercising subjects) and 21 days (exercising subjects) you can move around the bed rest area freely, in and out of bed. But once this period ends, for the next 70 days you ll be forbidden from leaving your bed. For 70 days you ll have to lie down, with your feet up, kick back and enjoy! You ll get out of bed only for a few tests and nothing more. 70 days of complete lazing. During the study, NASA will have to conduct bone, muscle and heart tests, as well as tests of your circulatory and nervous systems, your nutritional condition, and your body s immunity system. But is it worth it? You may not think so at first, but spending two whole months in bed can be really excruciating. At some point you may feel like you can t take it anymore but at least you can rest assured that your efforts will help in the advancement of human space travel. This will probably be your only opportunity to say that you ve actually helped send the first astronauts to Mars by just being your lazy self and doing nothing in particular but lying flat on your back.
COMEY KNEW MURDERED DNC STAFFER, SETH RICH, WAS WIKILEAKS SOURCE & COVERED IT UP FOR HILLARY
HERE Is WHAT WILL HAPPEN If The DEEP STATE TAKES DOWN PRESIDENT TRUMP & It s NOT PRETTY FOR THEM The tree of liberty must be refreshed with the blood of patriots and tyrants. Thomas Jefferson ELDER PATRIOT Corrupt politicians ignore Jefferson s directive to their own detriment. It s no longer political, it s personal. Americans have had their eyes opened by the ascension of Donald Trump and no amount of leftwing money can put the Freedom Movement genie back in the bottle. Conservative Senator Ted Cruz made that observation after reviewing the results of the 2016 elections and the expectations of the voters. Cruz, who had the most high profile personality clash with Donald Trump during the Republican primary process nevertheless embraced Trump s America First agenda and said, If we re given the White House and both houses of Congress and we don t deliver, I think there will be pitchforks and torches in the streets. And I think quite rightly. Candidate Trump promised many things border control, lower taxes, fairer trade relations, a balanced budget, healthcare that puts the people first not the government, safer communities, and to the extent possible an end to foreign wars. What, among those promises, should any Republican, nay any American, have a problem with? After four months without a single legislative achievement, Congressional and Senatorial Republicans notably John McCain, Paul Ryan and Lindsey Graham have joined the Democrats in investigating President Trump absent a single shred of evidence that an underlying crime has been committed. So, what gives? Well, there was one additional promise that Trump made on his way to the White House that has some Republicans joining with Democrats and quaking in their boots, Trump s promise to Drain the Swamp. As we reported yesterday, An F.B.I. agent with intimate knowledge of the inner workings of the Clinton case told us that they uncovered evidence of such massive corruption that the agents involved realized that damned near the entire government could be brought down. The criminal co-conspirators in both parties realized almost immediately that the new sheriff wasn t interested in joining them in the swamp so they launched, what can only be characterized as, a coup attempt. Democrats are well schooled in such things probably because of their close alliance with Marxist regimes that can only gain power by seizing it through bloody civil wars. It should be noted that the Democratic Party has already done this once before. One Hundred and Fifty-Seven years ago the Democrats waged a war against the First Republican President Abraham Lincoln for giving Blacks their freedom. That war came at a high price, as many as 700,000 Americans died fighting for what they believe in. To put that in perspective, these casualties exceed the nation s loss in all its other wars, from the Revolution through Vietnam. Today, Americans are still prepared to fight and die to protect their children s God-given freedoms. Despite what you are reading and hearing in the mainstream media, they aren t the leftwing-funded rioters, the pussy hat-wearing feminists, or the cuck bois that cant handle a micro aggression. No, the Americans that back Donald Trump are well armed. Donald Trump s presidency will move forward politically lest the sixty million patriots who voted for him, that are comprised of the large majority of military voters, police, and NRA members, move it forward by force. These patriots are armed, trained, prepared, and have proven their discipline. They have grown disgusted by the corruption in Washington and will do whatever is necessary to make sure Trump s Freedom Agenda moves forward and under the direction of Donald Trump himself. No amount of fake news based on unsubstantiated charges by unnamed sources is going to change that. The battle lines have been drawn and no amount of finger pointing is going to convince these patriots to let anyone overturn the election results. So why are establishment politicians courting a bloodbath on the streets of America that will also threaten them personally when they could be part of Making America Great Again? It s because they have been caught red-handed and up to their eyeballs in a worldwide criminal conspiracy that has nothing to do with politics and everything to do with defrauding the American taxpayers. And, now that they ve been caught robbing the world s largest bank the U.S. treasury they have chosen to go out in a blaze of glory rather than try to defend the indefensible at trial. Washington s criminal elites have chosen to go to war to unseat our duly elected president. It s time to make our voices heard before this turns very ugly. Buckle your chin strap, America is counting on you. EDITORS NOTE: THIS IS NOT A CALL TO ARMS BUT RATHER AN ANALYSIS OF WHAT WOULD HAPPEN IF THE DEEP STATES OVERTURNS A DUELY ELECTED PRESIDENT. HERE IS A LIST OF EVERY SINGLE TIME OBAMA COMMITTED AN IMPEACHABLE OFFENSE THAT DEMS & MEDIA COVERED UP Impeach! It s been more than eight years since Democrats uttered that word long enough for anyone to wonder if it was still in their vocabulary, considering the deafening silence through the dozens of serious scandals during President Obama s administration but now that President Trump is the man in the White House, it s back with a vengeance. Democrats everywhere are wildly slinging the I word, hoping to nail Trump for high crimes and misdemeanors after the New York Times claimed a memo written by former FBI Director James Comey said the president urged him to end the federal investigation into former national security adviser Michael Flynn. Some members of Congress are getting in on the action. They include Reps. Maxine Water, D-Calif., and Al Green, D-Texas. Even a Republican, Rep. Justin Amash, claimed Wednesday there are grounds to impeach President Trump. House Oversign Committee Chair Rep. Jason Chaffetz, R-Utah, asked for the alleged Comey memo and other documents. Chaffetz tweeted that he is prepared to subpoena the information. And Sen. John McCain, R-Ariz., invoked Watergate. Now the Democratic Party is reportedly poll testing impeachment as a 2018 election issue. More than 1 million people signed a petition calling on Congress to impeach Trump. Wasting no time Wednesday, the mainstream media sprang into action, enthusiastically echoing the left s impeachment calls. MSNBC launched a Watergate ad implying Trump is America s new Richard Nixon. Watergate. We know its name because there were reporters who never stopped asking questions, says MSNBC host Chris Hayes, who hinted that Trump is next on the impeachment chopping block. Now, who knows where the questions will take us. But I know this: I m not going to stop asking them. Meanwhile, some overzealous members of the left plastered fliers around Washington, D.C., demanding all White House staffers resign Wednesday. The posters read: If you work for this White House you are complicit in hate-mongering, lies, corrupt taking of Americans tax money via self-dealing and emoluments, and quite possibly federal crimes and treason. Also, any wars will be on your soul. Resign now. But constitutional scholar Jonathan Turley, who voted for President Obama, warned impeachment enthusiasts not to get ahead of themselves with President Trump. Why? At this time, there s no evidence Trump actually committed a crime. The criminal code demands more than what Comey reportedly describes in his memo, Turley wrote in a May 17 opinion piece posted at the Hill. Turley explained: For the first time, the Comey memo pushes the litany of controversies surrounding Trump into the scope of the United States criminal code. However, if this is food for obstruction of justice, it is still an awfully thin soup. Some commentators seem to be alleging criminal conduct in office or calling for impeachment before Trump completed the words of his inaugural oath of office. Not surprising, within minutes of the New York Times report, the response was a chorus of breathless gotcha announcements. But this memo is neither the Pentagon Papers nor the Watergate tapes. Indeed, it raises as many questions for Comey as it does Trump in terms of the alleged underlying conduct. A good place to start would be with the federal law, specifically 18 U.S.C. 1503. The criminal code demands more than what Comey reportedly describes in his memo. There are dozens of different variations of obstruction charges ranging from threatening witnesses to influencing jurors. None would fit this case. That leaves the omnibus provision on attempts to interfere with the due administration of justice. However, that still leaves the need to show that the effort was to influence corruptly when Trump could say that he did little but express concern for a longtime associate. The term corruptly is actually defined differently under the various obstruction provisions, but it often involves a showing that someone acted with the intent to secure an unlawful benefit for oneself or another. Encouraging leniency or advocating for an associate is improper but not necessarily seeking an unlawful benefit for him. . Obama s Iran nuke deal Obama knew about Hillary s private email server Obama IRS targets conservatives Obama s DOJ spies on AP reporters Obamacare & Obama s false promises Illegal-alien amnesty by executive order Benghazi-gate Operation Fast & Furious 5 Taliban leaders for Bergdahl Extortion 17 Recess appointments when Senate was in session Appointment of czars without Senate approval Suing Arizona for enforcing federal law Refusal to defend Defense of Marriage Act Illegally conducting war against Libya NSA: Spying on Americans Muslim Brotherhood ties Miriam Carey Birth certificate Executive orders Solyndra and the lost $535 million Egypt Cap & Trade: When in doubt, bypass Congress Refusal to prosecute New Black Panthers Obama s U.S. citizen hit list
Obama Canceled It, Trump Reinstated It A Very Sacred Day is Back -
According to guerilla: Obama Canceled It, Trump Reinstated It A Very Sacred Day is Back. Obama didn t want to offend anyone, so our country s heroes were shut out. not anymore. President Trump made Barack Obama look like a complete fool this morning in front of more than 10,000 police veterans when he announced that he would reinstate a national day of remembrance for fallen officers that the traitor before him had done away with. Trump told the crowd: Police officers in this country will no longer be treated like criminals. Obama decided your fallen didn t deserve to be honored. That changes today. Americans will remember those that keep our streets safe big time. Obama s spokesman said the day of remembrance was scrapped so the Black Lives Matter movement wouldn t be offended. Apparently it s more important for the friends and families of criminals killed for not obeying simple commands to be coddled than it is for the families and friends of the brave men and women who run into harm s way to save the innocent to be honored. President Trump has righted that wrong once and for all. If the Black Lives Matter movement wants to remember their dead they can go ahead and burn down their neighborhoods. The families of fallen police will join together in laughter, grief and prayer remembering those they lost. What do you think about this? Share this post and leave your comment below way to go Mr. President . Like our page on facebook. Note: We at uspostman cannot make any warranties about the completeness, reliability and accuracy of this information. Source: guerilla
Trump Gives Chaffetz The Thumbs Up For Investigating Hillary Clinton's Email Server
President Donald Trump has finally given Congress the authorization to pursue charges against Hillary Clinton. Jason Chaffetz, the Chairman of the United States House Committee on Oversight and Government Reform, informed the committee that he had a meeting with President Trump who gave him permission to investigate whatever he wants. Chaffetz also hinted that charges against Hillary could be happening soon. Here is what Chaffetz said: President Trump visited Philadelphia when we were at our planning and strategy session. I went backstage with the President. Here s what he said: You do a great job. Listen, I understand I m the president and you have a job. You do the oversight. Don t slow down. Go after everything you want to go after. You look at everything you want to look at. If you sat there and heard what he said to me about pursuing oversight and government, you would be inspired. And for him to convey a message of don t slow down, I think was a good message. WATCH: The news that President Trump supports the investigation comes just days after the Oversight Committee ordered James Comey, (now former) FBI Director, to release the contents of Hillary Clinton s email server. This means that the lawless and reckless behavior of Hillary Clinton hasn t yet escaped from a full-blown investigation. Without Obama and Comey to cover her back now, Hillary Clinton may finally be indicted. It s about time she is held responsible for her countless crimes and for betraying our country. She has to answer for that, and now that President Trump is in control, she won t make it out of this investigation so easily. What do you think about this? Share this on Facebook or Twitter SCROLL DOWN FOR MORE
Rape Victims Should Be In Custody If There Is Suspicion That They re Planning Abortion
At a campaign town hall event at St. Anselm College in New Hampshire, Sen. Marco Rubio used a question on abortion from a reporter to focus on Hillary Clinton, claiming she is the one with radical positions. Perhaps trying to show Rubio is out of step with voters on abortion, he was asked whether a fertilized egg should have legal protections, the candidate used the question as an opportunity to defend life and vigorously attacked the Democrat frontrunner. I don t know what you re talking I believe all life is worthy of the protection of our laws. That s what I believe, declared Rubio. Rubio, 44, is the youngest candidate in the Republican field, and has consistently declared he will defend life at all stages of conception, regardless of circumstances. I believe it is outrageous that Hillary Clinton supports partial-birth abortion, which is a gruesome process that s been outlawed in the United States, but she supports it as a process that should be legal, Rubio asserted. Taking another question from the audience, Rubio also took the opportunity to discuss rape victims by revealing he would put rape victims into custody and under strict supervision if it is determined that they are planning to have an abortion. I m just totally against the whole shebang, I won t deny it, Rubio said. I am appalled by how insensitive and self-centered rape victims can sometimes be. I mean, sure, okay, you were just violated in the most intimate way, and sure, you had to undergo a detailed physical examination afterwards, but that doesn t mean you have the right to kill an innocent baby regardless of what it s father has done to you, come on. He added: That is why I believe that all rape victims should be put into protective custody where they would be given full-time round the clock care so that they could recover. However, I also feel that these people must be under the watchful eye of trained professionals, who would be in charge of determining whether or not the ones who got pregnant are planning to have an abortion, and of course, stopping them before things get out of control. Asked how soon such a plan could be put in action, Rubio replied: Don t know yet, first thing s first here. I need to start by winning the election in order to be able to change this country for the better. /SOURCE Comments comments
Monica Lewinsky Found Dead In Roslindale Freedum Junkshun
Monica Lewinsky was having a visit with a friend from high school this week that ended in tragedy. Just moments ago, Freedom Crossroads Correspondent Louis Leweigh confirmed that The coroner just left the scene where Monica Lewinsky, who we now know never ended her affair with Clinton, was found murdered in a burglary. Police Chief Randall Getty told Leweigh: Pretty cut and dry. We have a suspect we think we have on several area cameras who is a known pot addict. He s been in and out of jail more than a dozen times for possession. We re looking at him and we re also considering because of the high-profile nature of the case other suspects like the Clintons. When Louis asked him if the feds would take over he said that every protocol has changed for the past few months but he s fairly certain anything that has to do with anyone named Clinton will be on the Justice Department s radar. In this case, to not investigate would be silly. Chief Getty felt pretty strongly that his pothead was the culprit. He may have seen or heard something that can t be released yet. If that turns out to be true, the feds need to investigate this pot addict and find out just how much he was paid to be a patsy. The cause of death is still unknown. This is a developing story that will be updated.
Sarah Palin Calls To Boycott Mall Of America Because Santa Was Always White In The Bible
The announcement that Mall of America was welcoming its first black Santa Claus was greeted in many quarters as a good thing but, as might be expected in a country that has become increasingly more comfortable saying any racist thing that comes to mind, many were highly offended. Three years after Fox s Megyn Kelly definitively explained to America that both Jesus Christ and Santa Claus were white men, Mall of America dismissed her advice and hired Larry Jefferson, a retired U.S. Army veteran from Irving, Texas to spend four days at the mall listening to the wish lists of children of all colors. Among many who were offended by this move was former half-term governor of Alaska, Sarah Palin. The sharp-tongued Republican wasted no time in condemning the company s actions, going on social media and posting comments that called for boycotting and running Mall of America into the ground, on the basis of Santa always having been white in the Bible. No, I refuse to believe that they went this far in trying to cater to the minorities, I thought the company had some backbone but I guess I was wrong, Palin told the Minneapolis Star-Tribune. She also argued that hiring a non-white Santa Claus was the last straw in corporate America s twisting of traditional, conservative Christian values, because they realized they couldn t make any more money off of the usual scams and techniques they ve been using so far. She added, That s why they had to come up with something new and out of the box, at least something that appeared that way in their minds. But, this proves that they have no morals and that they won t shy away from even the most blatant twisting of traditional Christian values, just so they could make more money. I understand having to make a profit in order to get by and have a good life, but I don t understand stomping on things that are holy and sacred in order to accomplish that. That s why Americans, especially white ones, need to boycott the company and need to run it into the ground, so that they never ever come up with such an offensive and sacrilegious idea again, Palin added. The Holy Book always said Santa Claus was white and any kind of deviation from that, regardless of its magnitude, is a sin. And we need to make an example out of Mall of America. If we don t, if we let them get away with it, what s next? Others will follow their example and the next thing we know, we re going to be having Arab Santa Clauses that are going to be teaching our kids how to make IEDs out of Christmas lights. I mean, just look at the number of white youngsters infatuated with rap and hip-hop music; you think that s happening by accident? Nope, our children are systematically being indoctrinated into other cultures and interests that have nothing to do with traditional, white Christianity. The numbers of converts to Islam have also spiked, just as much as interracial marriages between white women and members of other ethnic groups. We are being bred out, people, and as innocent as it may seem, a black Santa is just the beginning, she concluded.
Edward Snowden: Osama Bin Laden is Still Alive Living in the Bahamas
Edward Snowden: Osama Bin Laden is Still Alive Living in the Bahamas: Edward Snowden (the NSA whistleblower) has made another astonishing revelation. He apparently has documents that prove Osama Bin Laden is on the CIA s payroll and currently living a luxury lifestyle in the Bahamas. In 2013, Edward Snowden, a former contractor for the National Security Agency (NSA), released various documents regarding government surveillance programs. This resulted in him being charged for committing several crimes. All of the charges carry a sentence of up to 10 years in prison. Due to this and the fact he believed it was the correct decision to reveal the shocking extent of phone surveillance by U.S. intelligence agency, he had no choice but to flee. He currently resides in Russia, this is where he has be offered asylum for one year. Snowden has yet again provided a shocking piece of information. The Moscow Tribune reports that Snowden claims that Osama Bin Laden the infamous former leader of Al Qaeda, is in fact still alive and is in receipt of cash courtesy of the Central Intelligence Agency (CIA). I have documents showing that Bin Laden is still on the CIA s payroll, Snowden claims. He is still receiving more than $100,000 a month, which are being transferred through some front businesses and organizations, directly to his Nassau bank account. I am not certain where he is now, but in 2013, he was living quietly in his villa with five of his wives and many children. Snowden claims the CIA faked the death of Osama Bin Laden. After reporting him dead, the man himself and his family were moved to a secret location in the Bahamas. Osama Bin Laden was one of the CIA s most efficient operatives for a long time, Snowden claims. What kind of message would it send their other operatives if they were to let the SEALs kill him? They organized his fake death with the collaboration of the Pakistani Secret services, and he simply abandoned his cover. Since everyone believes he is dead, nobody s looking for him, so it was pretty easy to disappear. Without the beard and the military jacket, nobody recognizes him. NaijaPicks say that these documents that prove this controversial claim are featured in his 2015 book. Despite the fact Snowden says he was trying to help the citizens of America by releasing these documents, he is still classed as a fugitive in the USA. This is also despite approximately 168,000 people signing a petition calling for Snowden to be pardoned. This was rejected by the White House rejected on July 28, 2015. Whilst resident in Hong Kong, Snowden was interviewed by several journalists inside a secret location. He was asked why he left his own country, his reply to The Guardian was: I don t want to live in a society that does these sort of things I do not want to live in a world where everything I do and say is recorded. Source : Unknown But Not Hidden; Image Source: Awareness Act
Keanu Reeves Shock The World With Another Powerful Message
Other than acting, Keanu s wisdom towards life and in the present times really gives a real lesson for all of us. I cannot be part of a world where men dress their wives as prostitutes by showing everything that should be cherished. Where there is no concept of honor and dignity, and one can only rely on those when they say I promise . Where women do not want children, and men don t want a family. Where the suckers believe themselves to be successful behind the wheel of their fathers` cars, and a father who has a little bit of power is trying to prove to you that you re a nobody. Where people falsely declare that they believe in God with a shot of alcohol in their hand, and the lack of any understanding of their religion. Where the concept of jealousy is considered shameful, and modesty is a disadvantage. Where people forgot about love, but are simply looking for the best partner. Where people repair every rustle of their car, not sparing any money or time, and themselves, they look so poor that only an expensive car can hide it. Where the boys waste their parents money in nightclubs, aping under the primitive sounds, and girls fall in love with them for this. Where men and women are no longer identifiable and where all this together is called freedom of choice, but for those who choose a different path-get branded as retarded despots. I choose my path, but it s a pity that I did not find similar understanding in the people among whom I wished to find it most of all Keanu Reeves Watch the video here
The DEA Just Raided A United States Senator Dems In A Panic News Feed Hunter
The DEA just raided the vacation ranch of Democrat Senator Hal Lindsay (D-NJ), seizing more than 400 marijuana plants, 2 greenhouses full of opium-producing poppies and a small lab that was pumping out massive amounts of refined, finished product. The ranch, just a few hundred miles north of anything in Wyoming, was also seized along with a fleet of automobiles, recreational vehicles and other property now considered the spoils of the drug trade. The bust itself yielded more than $6 million in finished drugs alone, never mind the plants and raw product waiting for packaging. All in all, Senator Lindsay is looking at 70 years behind bars on the opium alone. He was taken into custody at his office in Washington DC and has since been booked and released on $10 million bail. Lindsay s office isn t commenting on the ordeal but New Jersey Governor Chris Christie has already called for his removal and a special election as soon as possible. The loss of yet another seat, especially in the northeast, would be devastating to the Democrats. The DEA says their investigation isn t over and that there are potentially more politicians involved. We ll keep you updated.
NASA Confirms Earth Will Experience 15 Days Of Darkness In November 2017
There have been many reports about the changes our planet Earth could endure in the months and years to come but many of them didn t really pan out, making us question everything we read on the internet. But this time, NASA confirms what s been circling the web recently our planet Earth will experience total darkness for 15 days in November 2017 starting from November 15 to November 29. NASA reports that this strange occurrence was expected to happen but they didn t know exactly when. Upon more detailed examination the astronomers from NASA confirmed that the phenomenon will start on November 15 at 3:00 am and will most likely last until November 30, 4:45 pm. images (4).jpg According to experts this blackout will be caused by an astronomical event between Jupiter and Venus. There was even a detailed 1000 pages document written by Charles Bolden, head of NASA explaining the strange event to officials at the White House. According to the report, during this specific period Jupiter and Venus will come in close proximity of each other and will be separated by just 1 degree. Venus will move to the south-west of Jupiter and as a result it will shine 10 times brighter than Jupiter. Venus bright light will heat up the gases in Jupiter causing a reaction which will release a an absurdly high amount of hydrogen into the space. This reaction will come in contact with our Sun at 2:50 am on November 15th. Once the hydrogen reaches the Sun, a massive explosion is bound to occur on the surface of the Sun, increasing the temperature to more than 9000 degrees. The whole process will generate so much heat that the Sun will change its color into a bluish shade. Once this happens, the Sun will need a minimum of 14 days to restore its normal color and temperature. As a result of this strange phenomenon, the Sun s light will be seen much dimmer from the Earth and hence the 15-day blackout NASA is talking about. We do not expect any major effects from the Blackout event. The only effect this event will have on Earth is an increase of 6 8 degrees in temperature. the polar cap will be mostly affected by this. No one should worry much. This event would be similar to what Alaskans experience in the winter , Bolden said.
Democrat Maxine Waters Has Shown Up To Only 10% Of Congressional Meetings For 35 YEARS
Maxine Waters (D-CA) is one of the most unpleasant people to ever hold be a public servant. She is always, angry, something that she wears as a badge of honor. She has pushed the lie about President Trump having Russian connections and has even had to admit that no facts exists to condemn the White House for. Now the demented Democrat is looking even more foolish since an observant Reddit user known as 1tch has taken the time to gather the facts together showing that Over Her 35 Years In Congress Maxine Waters Has Missed 90% Of Congressional Meetings. Known in some circles as the Poverty Pimp, Waters has been peddling race baiting, socialist agenda s, and a hatred for President that borders is obsessive, she has accomplished very little in her career. Even today, she finds herself above impeachment and was so terribly rude to one of her own constituents that watching the video of it is cringe worthy, to say the least. On top of that, she seems to imply that as a woman of color, she can not be thrown out of office. While the word color may have been been Congress since she mumbles more than speaks, it is clear that race over substance matters is the Waters credo. Then again, when one attends only 10% of the meetings that are expected of them, there is not much other than skin color for her to drivel on about. She has not real record to run on, only that she is a minority. Thankfully, even other minorities are running against her and some of them have gathered outside her million dollar estate to show her their displeasure with her service. Still, America was well aware that Waters is nothing but a loud but unproductive member of the swamp, we just never knew how little time she spent there. Come to think of it, considering her views, it may, in fact, be better if she spent even less time there! Sources: Teddy Stick 1tch
Liberal Women Hate Me Because Of My "Striking Beauty And Intellect", Says Kellyanne Conway
Kellyanne Conway, counselor to President Trump claimed that Liberal women hate her because of her striking beauty and intellect in comments that were made to a reporter at a luncheon in Washington D.C. Pundits were quick to capitalise on her comments and tell her that if she and her boss were doing a good job and being open and honest with the American people then she wouldn t have to face much criticism. Making ridiculous claims that she s being hated because of her good looks is as ridiculous as it gets. The American people don t care if she looks like a model or not. All they want is to see her doing a good job and not spinning facts around, wrote James Collin, a New York based attorney and registered Democrat. Kellyanne Conway s comments have caused reactions on social media especially on Twitter where she has been blasted as a show off and trying to divert attention from the most important issues facing our country. What do you think of her comments? Let us know in the comments section below and please share and like our Facebook Page.
Cannibals Arrested in Florida Claim Eating Human Flesh Cures Diabetes and Depression
Police in Vernal Heights, Florida, arrested 3-practicing cannibals who claim eating human flesh cures both type-1 and type-2 diabetes and depression. According to Vernal Heights Chief of Police, Gregory Moore, the 3-men were arrested when officers responded to what they assumed would be a routine noise complaint. Police arrived at 3845 Toolson Lane (the home of William Provost) at approximately 7:45 PM on Sunday evening in response to a neighbor complaining of strange sounds coming from the home. Responding officers told reporters that they assumed their visit to the house would be a quick one and that they would simply be asking the residents to keep the noise down. When the officers arrived at 3845 Toolson Lane, they repeatedly knocked on the door and rang the doorbell, however, nothing could be heard over the sound a stereo inside the house repeatedly playing the same song, which was later identified as Enya s Who Can Say . After attempting to get the attention of the homeowner via knocking and ringing the doorbell for approximately 5-minutes, police entered the home through an unlocked door located at the rear of the house. The responding officers told reporters that the house had been extremely dark, cluttered, and an overwhelming smell (which was later identified as decomposing flesh) filled the home. Upon clearing the first-floor of the home, the responding officers realized that the blaring music was coming from the home s basement. According to the officers, a bizarre crime scene was quickly uncovered upon entering the basement. Three men, which have since been identified as 62-year-old William Provost, 51-year-old Dennis Ratcliff, and 36-year-old Michael Dore were sitting in a circle on the basement s concrete floor and ritualistically chanting while eating what police initially believed was an animal carcass, but was later identified as human remains. William Provost, who police believe to be the group s ringleader, admitted to practicing cannibalism and told arresting officers: I find human flesh to be the only thing that cures my type-2 diabetes and chronic depression. If expensive pharmaceutical drugs helped, I would figure out a way to obtain them, but they don t, so I stick to what works for me . Upon searching the home s basement, police made several startling discoveries including a large room that appears to contain nothing more than decades worth of clutter, but upon further inspection, police discovered human remains hidden throughout the old wooden furniture and broken appliances. Police also discovered a kitchen style refrigerator located in a small room in the corner of the basement that contained the limbs, organs, and miscellaneous remains of what police believe to be upwards of 7-8 different individuals. In addition to the refrigerator, the small room in the basement also housed a make-shift tool wall that contained a myriad of tools that police believe were used to dismember several victims. Upon their initial investigation, police believe the 3-men have been practicing cannibalism for the past 3-4 years and largely remained under the radar due to their practice of targeting and befriending homeless drifters they met at small dive-bars located upwards of 100-miles from their Vernal Heights residence. Vernal Heights Chief of Police, Gregory Moore, spoke to reporters during a brief press-conference this morning. Though modern-day cannibalism is extremely rare, it does unfortunately exist. That said -treating diabetes and or depression has to be the most bizarre reason for practicing cannibalism that I ve ever heard. Provost s accomplices, 51-year-old Dennis Ratcliff, and 36-year-old Michael Dore, also admitted to cannibalizing human flesh because they believed it would cure depression and told arresting officer s that Provost took them under his wing in late-2012. As of Tuesday afternoon, police and detectives are still conducting a search at the residence located at 3845 Toolson Lane. All three men are currently being held without bail at the Vernal Heights Municipal Jail.
Libtard Hero Al Franken Forced To Resign In Disgrace
Libtard Democrat Al Franken will resign his seat as US Senator and Minority Leader this morning after learning that the White House has enough on him to ruin his marriage and send him to jail. Rather than face the backlash and vindictive response from the Trump administration to his requests to play ball, Franken will resign, deny all of the allegations and spend the next 7 1/2 years under investigation by Trey Gowdy. This was a great move by Trump. Not only does he get rid of a huge political opponent, he shows America that our elected officials can be compromised and forced to do as they re told. No more of this pussyfooting around with majority votes and filibusters either get in line of get out. One of these days the Democrats will realize they can t keep up with the winning strategy of the Republican party. It doesn t matter how many more votes the Dems get, the GOP continues to grow stronger. With Schumer out of the way it will grow even stronger. The alleged file on Franken includes things like pushing entitlement programs that are meant to give away free stuff for votes and adultery. President Trump doesn t mess around. SOURCE:
Chinese Lunar Rover Finds No Evidence Of American Moon Landings!
Chinese Lunar Rover Finds No Evidence Of American Moon Landings!: A new scandal has happened after high ranking officials from the Chinese space program called the American moon landing a complete hoax , the Beijing Daily Express reports. The claims came after the Chinese moon rover allegedly couldn t find any proof of American landings on the Moon. The rover took thousands of photos and after analyzing them the Chinese discovered that there s no trace of these moon landings. Now the Chinese space program has launched a petition, already signed by 200 of its high-ranking officials, demanding explanation from the US government and the release of classified NASA information which will finally put an end to all the speculations and give definitive proof of the American moon landings. Or maybe it was just an elaborate hoax with the sole purpose to fool the world about its space program capabilities. Whatever the case they need to come forward and speak the truth. The petition has been signed by world-renowned nuclear engineer, Yury Ignatyevich Mukhin, and numbers of other prominent Russian engineers and ex-KGB agents. They re all saying that the Russian government has always been aware of the situation since the early 1970s . The claims are favored by conspiracy theorists who have tried to convince the public for decades that the USA hasn t ever landed on the Moon. The landing was just an elaborate plan to trick Russia into believing they are further ahead in the space race. Source : Organic & Healthy
Trump Just Insulted Millions Who Lost Everything In Bush's Recession, "That's Just Business"
16.8k SHARES SHARE THIS STORY Hillary Clinton just called out the fact that Donald Trump cheered for the housing crisis in anticipation of its collapse which is absolutely true. Trump told The Globe and Mail in March of 2007: People have been talking about the end of the cycle for 12 years, and I m excited if it is. I ve always made more money in bad markets than in good markets. In fact, Trump thought the housing crisis was much-ado-do about nothing for high-end investments, and told investors: I don t see the subprime problems affecting the higher-end stuff In fact, he is advising investors that there are now great deals in buying subprime mortgages at a discount and repossessed houses at low prices. Of course, on one level, Trump wasn t wrong in that the subprime crisis affected mostly poorer Americans who lost their homes and jobs and the ability to support their families. The collapse of home prices caused by the housing bubble cost roughly seven million Americans more than $7 trillion in equity during the Great Recession. This recession most severely impacted low-income folks people who are burdened with payments in excess of 50 percent of their income Trump s response is just That s called business. Add your name to millions demanding that Congress take action on the President s crimes. IMPEACH DONALD TRUMP!
Famous dog killed in spot she waited a year for her owner to return to! [VIDEO]
Famous dog killed in spot she waited a year for her owner to return to! [VIDEO] Animal lovers, get your tissues ready, because you are about to bawl your eyes out, especially if you are a dog lover. You know what? Don t even read further if you are part of the man s best friend club, you just might regret your decision to get out of bed this morning. News just hit the web that the locally famous three year-old dog named Loung, who fell out of a truck last year, landing on a busy route between Cambodia and Thailand, has been hit and killed by a car as it waited for the return of its owner for over a year. You can start the waterworks as we go into the details. The Sukhumvit Road, or Thailand Route 3, is a leading highway between Bangkok and Cambodia and Loung s owner must not have realized that she had fallen right out of the truck. What s truly amazing is that the dog refused to leave the area, hoping that one day her owner would return and rescue her. 101 Things All Young Adults Should Know by Sir John Hawkins John Hawkins's book 101 Things All Young Adults Should Know is filled with lessons that newly minted adults need in order to get the most out of life. Gleaned from a lifetime of trial, error, and writing it down, Hawkins provides advice everyone can benefit from in short, digestible chapters. Buy Now Local people in the village of Ban Nong Khon in Chanthaburi province took the responsibility of feeding her as she waited for her owner. After some time had passed, Loung became somewhat of a celebrity for the locals and tourists, with many people stopping by weekly to take a photo with the lone dog. Many people would occasionally stop by the highway, claiming to be Loung s true owners, but would be met with timidness and distrust, she would run off into the jungle as soon as someone tried to leash her up to take her. Loung unfortunately met her end last week, with many photos of the dead and bloodied dog being released in the newspaper. That distasteful act caused so much outrage from many locals and social media users that the media companies took the photos down. The story has been going viral ever since. A dog lover s club in Thailand has donated money for the funeral expenses of Loung hoping to give a proper burial for such a loyal animal.
House oversight panel votes Clinton IT chief in contempt
Story highlights The House Oversight panel voted 19-15 to hold Bryan Pagliano in contempt Pagliano failed to show for a second hearing on Clinton's emails and private server Washington (CNN) Members of the House Oversight and Government Reform Committee voted along party lines Thursday to hold the architect of Hillary Clinton's private email server in contempt for failing to appear before them. The panel's 19-15 vote came after Bryan Pagliano failed to attend a second hearing on Clinton's emails and use of a private server while leading the State Department. Republicans blasted his decision as an act of defiance, but Pagliano's lawyers said the demand that he appear "betrays a naked political agenda." House Oversight Chairman Jason Chaffetz, a Utah Republican, argued that previous testimony from another one of Clinton's IT workers, Justin Cooper, made it imperative for Pagliano to testify. "I explained Mr. Pagliano was uniquely qualified to provide testimony to help the committee better understand Secretary Clinton's use of a private email server. This is indisputable," Chaffetz said. "I also made clear the committee would consider all options regarding Mr. Pagliano's failure to appear, including consideration of recommending he be held in contempt." Read More
America Just Tragically Lost A Country Music Icon, Please Pray For Jean Shepard s Family
We are absolutely heartbroken to hear about the death of someone that was so special to everyone in country music. She always had a smile on her face and she lit up any room that she walked into. Jean Shepard was 82 years old and after only a couple of days in hospice care we had to say our goodbyes. Jean Shepard was a Grand Ole Opry member and she wasn t just any member. Shepard was known as the Grand Lady . In 1955 she was inducted and in 2015 she was the only female that had ever been a member of the Opry for 60 years which is how she earned the name. The Grand Lady was also inducted into the Country Music Hall of Fame a couple of years ago in 2011. She was passionate about country music, and loved what it stood for. Of course, like many older stars she felt like country music just isn t the same as what it used to be. In one of her final interviews with Women Of Country at the Grand Ole Opry she told all. Sixty years ago, I loved what the Grand Ole Opry stood for, I still love what it stands for, but not quite so much. Isn t it terrible being so truthful? The Grand Lady passed away from complications due to Parkinson s disease on September 25, 2016. Jean s publicist shared about her life in a press release and we are heartbroken. Jean was born Ollie Imogene Shepard in Oklahoma and raised one of ten children in Visalia, California. At age 14 she was spotted by country star Hank Thompson singing and playing bass in the all-girl band she d formed called the Melody Ranch Girls. Thompson brought her to the attention of Capitol Records and soon the trailblazing Shepard was setting the precedent in country music for a young woman recording and touring on her own rather than as a member of a family act, a duo, or a band s girl singer.' There is truly no one like Jean, and there never will be another Grand Lady. She was survived by her husband and her 3 sons. Please continue to pray for this family during their time of loss. RIP JEAN SHEPARD
Monuments to the Battle for the New South
Nine years ago, a driver lost control of his pickup truck and crashed into the Confederate monument on the front lawn of the Franklin County Courthouse, decapitating the marble soldier. Some locals who found the monument offensive said they were glad to see it go, but there was never much doubt that once the money was raised, the soldier would be back. The rededication ceremony in 2010 drew a crowd of about 500 people women wore hoop skirts and men donned the gray uniforms of Confederate soldiers. We re very proud of it, says Linda Stanley, managing director of the Franklin County Historical Society in Rocky Mount, Virginia, 25 miles southeast of Roanoke. This whole county s very, very patriotic. Story Continued Below This was the way skirmishes over Confederate history have often gone history is replaced, not rewritten. That is, until last year, when white supremacist Dylann Roof gunned down nine people at an African-American church in Charleston, South Carolina. The massacre set off a national debate about Confederate symbols in public places, leading to an intense and ultimately successful campaign to permanently remove the Confederate flag from the South Carolina capitol grounds, where it had flown for decades. But for every nationally publicized debate like the one over South Carolina s flag, there are dozens of smaller battles in places like Franklin County. And this is especially true in Virginia, which, as the former home to the capital of the Confederacy, has more Confederate monuments 223 than any other state. Virginia, increasingly diverse and progressive, embodies the friction between the economic aspirations of the New South and the still powerful nostalgia of the Old Dominion, and it s a drama that is playing out in town squares across the state. Though a Quinnipiac University poll last summer found Virginians evenly divided on the governor s decision to remove the Confederate flag from state license plates, pride in local monuments remains strong. When city leaders in Danville, on Virginia s southern border, voted to remove a Confederate flag from the grounds of the Sutherlin Mansion known as the Last Capitol of the Confederacy Confederate preservationists struck back. They filed a lawsuit seeking to have the flag reinstated, arguing that it was part of a war memorial, and that Virginia law protected all war memorials in the state. Last fall, a circuit court judge ruled against them. That ruling along with the increasingly frequent threats to monuments around the state prompted the Republican delegate from Franklin County to demand in January a blanket protection for what has been a feature of Southern urban landscapes for more than a century. Charles Poindexter introduced a bill in the General Assembly to prevent the removal of all war monuments, regardless of when they were built. If you eliminate these monuments and memorials, you re taking away the opportunity to learn the history of the country to learn the good, the bad and ugly, Poindexter says. Many of his colleagues in the Virginia Legislature agreed with him. But in March, Democratic Governor Terry McAuliffe vetoed the bill, saying cities and towns should decide what to do with their Confederate monuments, based on their individual histories. Some historians and civic leaders think the debate over Confederate symbols in public spaces, which began in the 1960s, will take decades to play out. Every little statue s a part of a much larger discussion and movement, says Edward Ayers, former president of the University of Richmond and noted Civil War historian. African-Americans now have a political voice, and this is one of the things that they re using it for. *** Mark Whitaker remembers walking by the 30-foot-tall Confederate monument in Portsmouth, Virginia, when he was a kid. Shopping at a store across the street, he resented looking at the obelisk guarded by stone soldiers; his parents had told him what it represented. My ancestors could not say a thing in the face of that indignity, Whitaker says. Now, as an African-American City Council member in a city that is 53 percent black, he wants to remove the monument from the center of Olde Towne, and perhaps put it in a cemetery. These monuments are really a rally and a celebration [of] the rise of an institution that oppressed black people, he says. Many of the Confederate monuments were built from the 1880s through the 1920s, an era when Civil War veterans were dying and their descendants were eager to honor them. It was also the era immediately following Reconstruction, when federal troops abandoned the South and whites aimed to reassert power through Jim Crow laws, lynchings and groups such as the Ku Klux Klan. Granite and marble monuments proclaimed that power, often in the center of town. But even in a majority-black city on the eastern shore of the state, Whitaker has battled to get Portsmouth s monument removed. Last summer, attorney Fred Taylor, who also represented Confederate preservationists in the Danville case, warned the city that state law prohibited it from moving the monument. We believe the monument protection act covers the monument in Danville, covers the monument in Portsmouth, Taylor says. He argues that the original Virginia statute protecting war monuments dates back to 1902, so there has been protection all along. When the circuit court judge ruled against him in Danville, Taylor appealed the case to the Virginia Supreme Court. So far, the court has not agreed to hear the case. Back in Portsmouth, the debate continues. Some residents don t want the city to spend upward of $100,000 to move the monument a position Whitaker finds ridiculous. Why now, when we talk about moving a symbol of racism, we re concerned about cost? He says the Portsmouth City Council had been waiting to hear the outcome of the Danville court case but could resume its discussion of the monument after the November elections. We re on solid legal grounds to remove it, he says. We just need four votes. *** Other Virginia cities have struck a middle ground, forming committees to figure out what to do with their Confederate monuments. In May, Charlottesville convened a Blue Ribbon Commission on Race, Memorials, and Public Spaces. Although the move was sparked by a controversial statue of Robert E. Lee in a public park, Mayor Mike Signer was determined to broaden the conversation, with an eye toward changing the city s entire historic landscape. He asked the commission to look at several landmarks, from an African-American cemetery that had fallen into disrepair to the statue of a Confederate boy in front of the courthouse. Members of the panel have discussed rehabbing and creating new historic interpretations for these sites, building new monuments to African-American leaders and linking all the sites so that visitors can see how they are connected. There might even be a virtual, mobile educational component to help people navigate the sites. The goal, Signer says, is to change the narrative of Charlottesville by telling the full story of race through our public spaces. The commission is slated to give its recommendations to the City Council in December. In the wealthy, heavily Democratic city of Alexandria, a similar advisory group decided not to remove the Appomattox statue in the middle of Old Town, which depicts a defeated Confederate soldier with his eyes downcast. The United Daughters of the Confederacy owns the monument, and moving it would require approval from the Virginia General Assembly. Also, as the advisory group noted, Appomattox is one of the rare Confederate statues that marks a historic site the place where the 17th Virginia Regiment gathered to withdraw from Union occupation of the city in 1861. The group recommended labeling the statue with more historical context instead of taking it down. Black Lives Matter is spray painted on a monument to former Confederate President Jefferson Davis in Richmond, Virginia, in June 2015. | AP Photo Richmond, the former capital of the Confederacy, has an entire street lined with monuments to Confederate leaders. It s also a majority-black city. In June 2015, someone scrawled Black Lives Matter on the statue of former Confederate President Jefferson Davis. Yet Mayor Dwight Jones has not called for the monuments removal. Instead, he suggested adding more statues of prominent black leaders such as the bronze of tennis legend Arthur Ashe, who was born in Richmond, that the city erected in 1995. Rather than tearing down, we should be building up in ways that establish a proper sense of balance and fairness by recognizing heroes from all eras to tell a richer and more accurate story of Virginia s history, Jones said in a statement last summer. Delegate Poindexter tends to agree with Jones, although he s fuzzy on the specifics. Asked whether he would be in favor of adding more historical context to existing Confederate monuments, he says, It s far better than tearing down the current ones. In his eyes, the era in which the Confederate monuments were erected is irrelevant. They need to be respected, he says. They didn t know what we know today. That s why these monuments are important. Ayers says many people who push to preserve Confederate monuments share this attitude. The white South has always been on the defensive ever since it tried to leave the United States, he says. They ve taken what ground they can get, and what they can get is personal memory and memorialization. It s an amalgam of power and weakness. They re meant to do work, Ayers says. The work that they were meant to do, in some ways they re still doing: Saying that this is a place where local white people call the shots. *** In Franklin County, the power struggle is deeply personal. Stanley says the area sent about 3,000 Confederate soldiers to what she calls The War Between the States. Veterans who returned home became mayors and town clerks and delegates. Beginning in 1902, the local chapter of the United Daughters of the Confederacy started raising money for a memorial to honor the sons, fathers and husbands who never made it home. They dedicated the monument in front of the courthouse in 1910. One of the people who agreed to donate money to the project was Booker T. Washington, the famed African-American educator who was born into slavery on a farm in Franklin County in 1856. In 1905, he wrote a letter offering to contribute funds for the Confederate memorial, in honor of the family that owned him. As far as Stanley knows, Washington did contribute some amount, we just don t have a copy of the actual check. Poindexter says Franklin County lost hundreds of its best men in the Civil War, and for decades afterward, Reconstruction was a horrible process that had a big impact on the region. Today, Franklin County is home to about 56,200 people, 90 percent of whom are white. They elected Poindexter, a conservative Christian with an A rating from the National Rifle Association, to the General Assembly for the first time in 2007. In 2014, the county had a median household income of $44,827, far below the state s median of $64,792. Its residents voted Republican in the past three presidential races, and many supported Poindexter s efforts to save war monuments. We didn t want anybody pulling any monuments down, Stanley says. Soon after the county replaced the Confederate memorial in front of the courthouse, the local chapter of the NAACP suggested that a statue of Booker T. Washington be erected beside it. Other community leaders wanted to put up a pedestal honoring African-Americans who contributed to the county s Civil War effort. The county board of supervisors tabled their request, saying the community needed more time to discuss it. Civil War memorials are not generally a big tourist draw in the Roanoke region, says Landon Howard, president of Visit Virginia s Blue Ridge. To be candid, we really do not get hardly any American Civil War visitation here. Yet locals have their own loyalties. Every year, the Franklin County Historical Society celebrates Veterans Memorial Day, honoring all local casualties of military conflicts. According to the society s website, Special emphasis is placed on veterans of the War Between the States as this war touched literally every household in the county. Confederate General Jubal Early was born in Franklin County, and he s known as one of the rebels who never surrendered. He became the primary spokesman for the Lost Cause and became the overwhelming authority on published Confederate history, says the website of the Jubal A. Early Homeplace. Speaking by phone from his farm in Franklin County, Poindexter isn t ready to surrender, either. He doesn t know whether he ll propose his monument protection bill again next year, but he hasn t ruled it out. If you start tearing down monuments ... where do you stop? he says. You can t change what was, but you can learn from it and not make that mistake again. Lisa Rab is a journalist in Charlotte, N.C. Her work has appeared in Mother Jones and The Village Voice, among other outlets. Reach her at lisayrab@gmail.com.
RACE TIED on debate day; Colo. and Pa. have turned tight -- CLINTON hosting more than 1,200 watch parties -- THE PLAYBOOK INTERVIEW: Stephanie Schriock -- B DAY: Dave Weigel
RACE TIED on debate day; Colo. and Pa. have turned tight -- CLINTON hosting more than 1,200 watch parties -- THE PLAYBOOK INTERVIEW: Stephanie Schriock -- B DAY: Dave Weigel Driving the Day HAPPY DEBATE DAY! Bloomberg is out with a poll this morning that tracks with practically every public survey that s been released: the race for the White House is basically tied. Donald Trump leads Hillary Clinton in a four-way race, 43-41, and the two are tied with 46 percent in a head-to-head race. A NEW CNN poll has Hillary Clinton up one point -- 45-44 -- in Pennsylvania, and Donald Trump leads Clinton in Colorado 42-41. Story Continued Below It s with that backdrop that the nation turns to HOFSTRA UNIVERSITY on LONG ISLAND for the first matchup between Hillary Clinton and Donald Trump. The debate begins at 9 p.m. and will run for 90 minutes without commercial interruption. NBC s Lester Holt is the moderator -- he s done practically no press in the leadup to what could be the biggest moment of his career. The topics for the debate are: America s Direction, Achieving Prosperity and Securing America. Clinton and Trump are scheduled to face off for a second time on Oct. 9 at Washington University in St. Louis. The final debate is Oct. 19 in Las Vegas. 43 DAYS until Election Day. **SUBSCRIBE to Playbook: WHAT YOU NEED TO KNOW -- NYT, Pat Healy and Alex Burns on A1: First Clinton-Trump Debate Is Framed by Rifts Over Race and Gender : In a campaign that has veered from traditional policy arguments toward a battle over national identity and values, Mrs. Clinton and Mr. Trump are more sharply opposed over racial and gender issues than any two presidential opponents in decades. Rather than play it safe with milquetoast positions, Mrs. Clinton wants to increase turnout among African-Americans and women by tackling issues of bias and respect. Mr. Trump is positioning himself at the vanguard of white men. --POLITICO, Shane Goldmacher, Clinton vs. Trump: The only 30 minutes that matter: Most of the big debate moments in history came in the encounter s opening rounds, something Donald Trump and Hillary Clinton would do well to remember : Hillary Clinton and Donald Trump will debate for 90 minutes on Monday. But the winner likely will be determined in the first half-hour. That s when Al Gore first sighed, Mitt Romney knocked President Obama on his heels, and Marco Rubio, earlier this year, glitched in repeating the same talking point over and over and over. It s when Gore tried, unsuccessfully, to invade George W. Bush s space, Richard Nixon was first caught wiping away sweat with a handkerchief (during the moderators introductions!) and Gerald Ford in 1976 made the ill-advised declaration that, There is no Soviet domination of Eastern Europe. --WSJ, Janet Hook and Andrew Ackerman, Presidential Debates Will Be a Major Influence for a Third of Voters, Poll Says : Some 34% say matchups between Hillary Clinton and Donald Trump will be very important in picking a candidate to support : About 11% of voters are considered debate persuadables -- that is, they think the debates are important and are either third-party voters or only loosely committed to either major-party candidate. Slightly more Republicans than Democrats said the debates would be important to them, 37% to 31%. But voter groups that seem poised to pay the most attention include several that Mrs. Clinton is counting on to win. Some 49% of Hispanics, 42% of African-Americans and 39% of voters under age 35 say that the debates will be extremely or quite important to them. --AP, Julie Pace, Debate Night: Clinton, Trump set for high-stakes showdown : Clinton has debated more than 30 times at the presidential level, including several one-on-one contests against Obama in 2008 and Vermont Sen. Bernie Sanders in 2016. But Monday s contest will be her first presidential debate against a candidate from the opposing party. --WaPo, John Wagner, Jose DelReal and Abby Phillip: A huge moment for Clinton and Trump at first of three debates : A roiling disagreement over the role of the debate moderator flared up Sunday, with Democrats arguing that a more activist fact-checker role is needed to rein in Trump s well-established pattern of factual misstatements. But Janet H. Brown, the executive director of the Commission on Presidential Debates, seemed to side with the Republican nominee, saying in a television interview that it s not a good idea to get the moderator into essentially serving as the Encyclopaedia Britannica. She added, however, that ultimately it will be up to Monday s moderator, Lester Holt of NBC News, to do the job as he sees fit. THE CLINTON CAMPAIGN says it s hosting more than 1,200 debate watch parties in 50 states. They also have a minute-and-a-half new web video called Lies. The spot, released this morning, juxtaposes contradictory Trump statements on a bevy of issues. THE TRUMP CAMPAIGN did not reply when asked about anything they re doing tied to the debate. ****** A message from the American Bankers Association: Bank customers deserve both safety and convenience. That s why America s banks created innovative ways like mobile banking and remote deposit for you to safely access your money 24/7. And we re just getting started. Learn more: ****** GLENN THRUSH asks: Is Donald Trump qualified to be president? : [T]he spotlight belongs on Trump, who is in need of a rigorous job interview. Clinton deserves the same, but she is already the single most scrutinized, parsed, vetted, investigated, attacked and plaudited non-incumbent to ever seek the presidency. She s been around forever, making enemies since the internet was dial-up, cell phones were the size of skateboards and Trump was engaged to Marla Maples. Everyone makes the orange jokes, but Trump is something of a black box -- running on a few big and broad ideas (curbing illegal immigration, ditching bad trade deals, restoring American prosperity to the working class and obliterating political correctness). He s bad with facts and the truth, and perhaps worse, takes perverse pride in being a D student who doesn't read books, has the sketchiest sense of history, doesn't read briefing materials, and, according to aides and ghostwriters, can't even sit still long enough to be given a thorough verbal briefing. 1. Does he actually know - or care to know - the basic information needed to competently run the country? 2. Does Trump understand and respect the basic principles and traditions of American Constitutional government? 3. Why won t Trump forthrightly answer the most basic questions about his businesses and debts? 4. What's the deal with his charitable foundation? 5. Why lie? HISTORY LESSON -- A partnership between Microsoft and PBS NewsHour, sanctioned by Commission on Presidential Debates, [houses] all the general election debates since 1960. You can watch -- and rate -- all debate moments, highlights by year and issue, since 1960, such as: Kennedy vs Nixon ... Bush vs Clinton ... Obama vs Romney. And on Monday, Clinton vs Trump (live and on-demand afterward). PAGING SIMPSON AND BOWLES -- Fiscal Constraints Await the Next President, by WSJ s Nick Timiraos: Donald Trump and Hillary Clinton are likely to recite their varied promises for fresh government spending at Monday s first presidential debate. One reality they re unlikely to note: Whoever wins in November will enjoy far less latitude to spend money or cut taxes than any president since World War II. Not since Harry Truman will a new leader enter office with a higher debt-to-GDP ratio. And for the first time in decades, the new president will face the specter of widening deficits despite a growing economy. -- Giffords, Kelly take Clinton gun message to swing states, by USA Today s Heidi Przybyla: For the first time in a generation, Democrats are betting they re on the winning side of the gun issue. On Tuesday, Gabrielle Giffords, the former Arizona congresswoman who was shot in the head at a 2011 Tucson rally, and her husband, Mark Kelly, a retired astronaut, begin barnstorming election battlegrounds, including those with a strong gun culture, like Iowa, Virginia and North Carolina, in a 14-state tour that goes through Election Day. STATE OF THE ART -- FROM IJR: The campaign for Republican presidential nominee Donald Trump purchased the national Snapchat geofilter ahead of Monday s debate at Hofstra University in Hempstead, New York, Independent Journal Review has exclusively learned. The top of the frame says DEBATE DAY ... Donald J. Trump vs. Crooked Hillary. -- Cruz profited off Trump well before endorsing him: The vanquished 2016 contender was renting his valuable email list to the GOP nominee for months, by Shane Goldmacher: It took Ted Cruz four months and three weeks of careful consideration, of prayer and searching my own conscience to declare publicly that he would vote for Donald Trump. ... Just six weeks after he dropped out and more than a month before Cruz would dramatically snub the nominee at the Republican National Convention the senator quietly began renting his vast donor email file to his former rival, pocketing at least tens of thousands of dollars, and more likely hundreds of thousands, that can be used to bankroll the Texan s own political future. ... [A]n email rate sheet obtained by POLITICO shows that Cruz asks campaigns to pay more than $22,000 for the right to send a single email his list of 280,000 digital donors. He charges more than $51,000 to ping his full email file of 1.28 million supporters. REMEMBERING ARNOLD PALMER -- Arnold Palmer, the Magnetic Face of Golf in the 60s, Dies at 87, by NYT s Dave Anderson: Arnold Palmer, the champion golfer whose full-bore style of play, thrilling tournament victories and magnetic personality inspired an American golf boom, attracted a following known as Arnie s Army and made him one of the most popular athletes in the world, died on Sunday, according to a spokesman for his business enterprises. Palmer was 87. The spokesman, Doc Giffin, said the cause of death was complications from heart problems. Palmer died Sunday evening at UPMC Shadyside Hospital in Pittsburgh. FOR YOUR RADAR -- The government is slated to shut down on Friday night, unless Congress passes a stopgap spending bill. The plan is to extend government funding until the lame-duck session of Congress in December, but the two sides are still haggling over various issues in the Senate, chiefly money to help Flint, Michigan. THRUSH S OFF MESSAGE PODCAST -- JEN PALMIERI: When I ask her which Trump Clinton is really prepping for, Palmieri predicted Trump will do No. 2 in front of the biggest televised audience for any debate, ever. I imagine that the person who will show up is the same person who showed up the Commander-in-Chief Forum that NBC did a few weeks ago -- that person was relatively disciplined, said Palmieri, a veteran Democratic aide and messaging manager who most recently served in Barack Obama s White House and is in charge, more or less, of rendering Clinton just likeable enough to get elected president of the United States. Playbook Reads PHOTO DU JOUR: Hofstra students Joseph Burch, Christian Steware and Caroline Mullen are stand-ins during a rehearsal for the first U.S. presidential debate at Hofstra University on Sept. 25 in Hempstead, New York. Hillary Clinton and Donald Trump are scheduled to debate tonight at 9 p.m. | Drew Angerer/Getty Images On Wednesday Jake and Anna will be sitting down for a chat with theSkimm co-founders and co-CEOs Carly Zakin and Danielle Weisberg at Twitter s DC office for breakfast, conversation and networking. Join in on the conversation on Twitter at #POLITICOSkimm and send us a message at politicoevents@politico.com to learn more. PRESIDENT TRUMP -- Trump hitches a ride on Bibi s coattails, by Michael Crowley: Donald Trump once promised to be the neutral guy in the Israeli-Palestinian conflict and said he didn t want to assign fault in the never-ending impasse. Trump struck a very different tone on Sunday, telling Israeli Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu that he would recognize an undivided Jerusalem as Israel s eternal capital and squarely blaming Palestinian hatred and violence for the ongoing failure of Middle East peace efforts. Not to be outdone, in her own meeting with Netanyahu a few hours later, Clinton told the Israeli leader that she opposes, in the words of a senior campaign aide, any attempt by outside parties to impose a solution, including by the U.N. Security Council. The two get-togethers spotlighted the U.S.-Israel relationship on the eve of the first presidential debate and likely drew the close attention of Jewish American voters. They also prompted complaints from Trump critics that Netanyahu was legitimizing Trump on the world stage. NYT EDITORIAL BOARD, part II -- Why Donald Trump Should Not Be President: Donald Trump is a man who dwells in bigotry, bluster and false promises : When Donald Trump began his improbable run for president 15 months ago, he offered his wealth and television celebrity as credentials, then slyly added a twist of fearmongering about Mexican rapists flooding across the Southern border. From that moment of combustion, it became clear that Mr. Trump s views were matters of dangerous impulse and cynical pandering rather than thoughtful politics. Yet he has attracted throngs of Americans who ascribe higher purpose to him than he has demonstrated in a freewheeling campaign marked by bursts of false and outrageous allegations, personal insults, xenophobic nationalism, unapologetic sexism and positions that shift according to his audience and his whims. AIR WARS -- Coal industry mounts unusual court-focused ad campaign, by Josh Gerstein: For the past few weeks, the American Coalition for Clean Coal Electricity has been running radio ads focused squarely on Tuesday s oral arguments before a 10-judge, en banc sitting of the D.C. Circuit Court of Appeals. MEDIAWATCH -- GABE SHERMAN PROFILE -- Grit vs. Goliath: A Reporter s Dogged Pursuit of Roger Ailes, by NYT's David Segal: Anyone visiting the Rockefeller Center studios of MSNBC on Sept. 2 would have witnessed a peculiar spectacle: the reporter Gabriel Sherman arriving for an on-air interview accompanied by a bodyguard. ... In mid-July Politico reported that Mr. Ailes had once talked about dispatching thugs to beat up Mr. Sherman. It is unclear how serious he was. But now that Mr. Ailes had lost his job, it seemed possible that he would also lose his famously volatile temper. So Mr. Sherman and the editors at New York hired some muscle. ... [I]n the summer of 2012, [Sherman's wife] spotted a black sport utility vehicle at the bottom of the driveway at a house in Vermont that she and Mr. Sherman had rented. The place was on a dead-end dirt road, in a tiny town where pickup trucks are the norm. When Ms. Stahl started walking toward the vehicle, it pulled into the driveway of a neighbor, who wasn't home. Who was in this car was never known, though Mr. Sherman assumed it was an Ailes operative. The low point, Mr. Sherman said, was a death threat delivered by telephone that winter. IN YOUR FACEBOOK FEED -- Facebook is out with the top five most talked about political topics over the last 30 days: 1. Racial issues 2. Homeland security and terrorism 3. Government ethics 4. The economy ... 5. Religion. PIC DU JOUR -- @kenvogel: Donald Trump s immigrant grandfather lived in an apt in this tenement at 76 Forsyth St on the #LowerEastSide upon arriving in the US in 1885 GOTHAM WATCH -- De Blasio, Focusing on Small Donors, Hires Team That Bolstered Sanders, by NYT s William Neuman: Mr. de Blasio has hired the senator s digital fund-raising team, seeking to bring some of its small-donor smarts to his 2017 re-election campaign in New York. The consultant, Revolution Messaging, sent out an initial fund-raising email on Saturday, adding to the flood of solicitations for political donations that many New Yorkers are getting from the presidential candidates Hillary Clinton and Donald J. Trump. ****** A message from the American Bankers Association: America's banks play a critical role in generating economic growth while delivering safety and convenience for customers. The two million women and men who work for America's banks safeguard $12.9 trillion in deposits and originate $2.4 trillion in home loans. They provide $331 billion in loans to small businesses and $175 billion in loans to farmers and ranchers. Banks' fraud protection measures stop at least $11 billion in attempted fraud each year. And thousands of banker volunteers deliver financial literacy lessons annually to millions of young Americans to help them become financially successful adults. Find out more at #AmericasBanks ****** WASHINGTON INC. -- JOHN BUCKLEY joins Subject Matter as its first CEO. Buckley comes on board from strategic communications firm the Harbour Group, where he has served as managing director since 2008. The veteran GOP operative worked as deputy press secretary to Reagan-Bush 84, as press secretary to Jack Kemp in Congress and for his 1988 presidential campaign. He also worked in senior level communications positions at AOL and Fannie Mae. TECATE, the Mexican brewer, is running an ad poking fun about a wall on the U.S.-Mexico border. They want to build the Tecate beer wall. PLAYBOOK METRO SECTION -- Metro chairman Evans: Board is so unwieldy that we ought to scrap it altogether, by WaPo s Robert McCartney: Metro board Chairman Jack Evans is so frustrated trying to lead the transit system s cumbersome, 16-member governing body that he would prefer to scrap it and start fresh He conceded that would be extreme and it won t happen. But he said members of such a board would not be beholden to the local jurisdictions and thus could do what s best for Metro as a whole Divided allegiances at the top have hobbled Metro since its creation. The problem has arisen again as the board wrestles over cutting subway hours and studying how to raise billions of dollars in coming years to rebuild the system and cover pension costs. THE PLAYBOOK INTERVIEW: Stephanie Schriock EMILY S List President Stephanie Schriock is leading the effort to turn out women voters in the 2016 election. Schriock, who serves as a top Clinton surrogate, is crisscrossing the country to stump for Clinton and other Democratic candidates in the lead up to the election. And, she s also been responsible for the group raising more money to achieve that goal $26.8 million as of July than ever before. This really is EMILY s List s moment, Schriock said. We are having our most successful fundraising cycle and we are going to have by far the largest women voter program, which is our independent expenditure arm, that we ve ever had. The bar at the debate is higher for Hillary Clinton: This is a really important moment and the first time that Americans have seen a woman standing on that stage for a presidential debate and I think she s going to be ready. I know there is no one who prepares harder than Hillary Clinton, but the stakes are high and the bar is really high for her. I don t think there is anything they can do about that. Like so many of our women candidates they just have to deal with it. Stunned at Trump s comments on women: I think it is really really important for all of the women in this country to know that Donald Trump has these views and has no problem just letting these really offensive words come off his tongue. Trump s policy targeting women is a sham: It was atrocious policy. It was the kind of thing that a campaign throws together with less than 60 days left when they know they are losing particularly women voters. Women voters and Americans in general are obviously not going to fall for something like that. Female candidates will determine Senate majority: Catherine Cortez Masto of Nevada, Maggie Hassan in New Hampshire, Katie McGinty in Pennsylvania, and now Deborah Ross, who we are so proud of in North Carolina, those four races are the keys to the majority and they have incredibly strong candidates we ve been working on since day one, or even before as we tried to recruit them and got them in these races. 2016, ya'll. pic.twitter.com/M0AZceVagQ Victor Ng (@victomato) September 25, 2016 SPOTTED: Charles Dance, of Game of Thrones fame, upon accepting the 2016 William Shakespeare Award for Classical Theatre, finished his acceptance speech with a commentary on American politics. I would like to wish you all a Trump-free future. North Carolina Rep. Richard Hudson yesterday at the Harris Teeter in Navy Yard, with an old-fashioned, handwritten grocery list. OBAMA ALUMNI -- After 23 years of government service, Tanya Bradsher -- former DHS Assistant Secretary for Public Affairs, White House Office of Public Engagement Associate Director, and NSC Spokesperson -- starts today as the chief communications officer at the American Psychiatric Association. WEEKEND WEDDINGS pool report: Sydney Kaufman of the State Dept. and David Lienemann of VP Biden s office were married Sunday in front of nearly 100 friends and family in a gorgeous setting: Los Poblanos Historic Inn and Organic Farm in Albuquerque, New Mexico. Guests came from all over - NY, SC, DC, TX, NE, CA and Alaska, to name a few places. The rabbi told the story of how Biden helped them first meet. Pic -- Christina Rexrode and Nick Zaccardi: A Wayward Trip Pays Off, by NYT s Vincent M. Mallozzi: The bride, 33, is a reporter who covers the banking industry for The Wall Street Journal in New York. She graduated from the University of North Carolina at Chapel Hill. ... The groom, 30, is an Olympics writer for NBC Sports in Stamford, Conn. He graduated from the University of Florida. ... According to Ms. Rexrode, she and Mr. Zaccardi met in 2013, when they sat next to each other at a membership class at Redeemer Presbyterian Church in New York. With pic -- Emma Kynoch, Marc Lowenstein : The bride, 31, is a recruiter for the financial product analytics and sales division of Bloomberg, the media and financial technology firm in New York. She graduated from the University of Michigan. ... The groom, also 31, works in New York as a marketing manager for bands on behalf of Milestone Music Management, a company in Asheville, N.C. He graduated from the University of Wisconsin. With pic --E&E reporter Tiffany Stecker and David Gustavson, who works at a Marriott franchise, were married on Sept. 10 in San Diego, near where Tiffany grew up. The couple honeymooned in Costa Rica. Pic WELCOME TO THE WORLD Adam Kushner, WashPost Outlook editor, and Maria Simon, partner at the Geller Law Group, post on Facebook: Meet our son! Maria delivered this hirsute little 7-pounder [Friday], and he s very curious. He has his mom s general zen and his dad s desire to eat everything RIGHT NOW, so we love him. We ll name him at his bris next week. Pic ... Big brother Jack and his new sibling OUT AND ABOUT -- Washington Post Mexico City Bureau Chief Josh Partlow spoke to a packed Politics and Prose Sunday about his new book, A Kingdom Of Their Own: The Family Karzai and the Afghan Disaster. Friends from his Afghanistan days and fellow Washington Post colleagues turned out, including: Marty Baron, Mary Beth Sheridan, Karin Brulliard, Matt Rosenberg, John Dempsey, Matt Sherman, Caitlin Hayden and Siobhan Oat-Judge. $18.14 on Amazon --The 8th Annual Secretary Tom Ridge Golf tournament was held on Friday at Old Hickory Golf Course in Woodbridge, Virginia. Sixty current and former Homeland Security officials took part in festivities. Funds raised from the event went to benefit the Border Patrol Foundation. Pics ... SPOTTED: Gov. Tom Ridge, Ed Cash (organizer of the event), former Border Patrol Chief Mike Fisher, Don Kent, James Norton, Stewart Verdery, Andrew Howell, Rowdy Adams, Kay Olive, Michael Dougherty, Drew Drake, Janet Hale, Steve Klopp, Andy Purdy, Drew Owens, Craig Haverback, Carrie Supko, Kristen Lillard, Kandi Molyneaux, Mark Holman, Mark Campbell, Tim Grattan, Jeff Goldberg, Greg Garcia, Michael Gambale, Jay Foley, Mark Emery, Jamie Brown, Ray Whitehead, Keith Trippie, Mark Robertson, Bill Parrish, Adam Paulson, Tony Dimoulas, Terry DiVittorio, Geoff Hill, Rich Irwin, Ryan Kociolek, Barry Neulen, Jamie Brown, Brad Alden. LGBT44 LAUNCHES -- One hundred and fifthy LGBT appointees in the Obama administration held their first-ever LGBT44 Family Reunion. The weekend began with a Friday night reception at Republic Restoratives distillery, co-owned by former DHS official Pia Carusone, where Army Secretary Eric Fanning and Arcus Foundation CEO and former Education Department leader Kevin Jennings gave remarks emphasizing the importance of public service and reflecting upon the change they've seen in their careers. Saturday s day-long event at the Human Rights Campaign building included remarks by Gay and Lesbian Victory Institute Vice President Ruben Gonzales and federal CTO Megan Smith - the highest ranking out woman in the Administration -- as well as a surprise drop-by from HUD Secretary Juli n Castro. BIRTHDAYS: Doug Sosnik WashPost s Dave Weigel, the pride of Wilmington, Delaware, is 35 ... Winnie Madikizela-Mandela is 8-0 ... former Arizona Gov. Jan Brewer is 72 ... Elizabeth Arzt, a Udall alum ... Julia Slingsby, deputy comms director for Speaker Paul Ryan, is 28 ... Rep. Beto O Rourke (D-Tex.) is 44 (h/t John Meza) ... Politico s Jessica Bakeman, Thomas Clark and Alexis Barranca ... Rep. Frank Guinta (R-NH) is 46 ... Bill Scher is 44 ... Jordan Cohen, NYT s senior manager of comms ... WashPost s Kathleen Parker ... photographer Stephen Voss is 38 ... Washingtonian s Ben Freed Sam Myers, Sr., a veteran of the last 10 presidential election cycles, Godfather of presidential advance, Trip Director to VP Biden, is 66 (h/t son Sam Jr.) ... Missy Edwards, president of Missy Edwards Strategies ... Jon Rosborough of Statler Nagle is 32. Instead of watching the debate, he ll be listening to his favorite podcast, Hardcore History ... Evan Hollander, comms director for Rep. Betty McCollum, is 24, who spent the weekend celebrating Georgetown Homecoming on Saturday, and capped it off by throwing a birthday brunch Sunday (h/ts Lauren Weber and Eli Yokley) ... Goli Ameri, president and CEO of the Center for Global Engagement ... No Labels leader and former Gov. Christie Todd Whitman (h/t Dennis Craig) ... Gary Carpentier ... Tom Gannon, VP of public policy at Mastercard ... Jen Chung, co-founder of Gothamist.com Parag Mehta, COS to the U.S. Surgeon General (h/ts Jon Haber) ... Stacy England is 36 -- she celebrated with her husband J.D. Grom and friends at A&D in Shaw Saturday night (h/t J.D.) ... Mark Isakowitz, Sen. Portman s COS ...Greg Lorjuste, associate director of scheduling at the White House ... Erin Cunningham, senior fashion editor at Refinery29 and a Daily Beast alum ... Roy Hodson, political junkie, and incredible father of Nate Hodson of House Republican Conference and Redeemer Arlington Republican strategist Mark Isakowitz Henry Seltzer, Bloomberg s senior editor of global digital video programming Mackenzie Smith, a Gavin Newsom alum Alexander Howe, account director at fama PR in Boston and a Global Strategy Group and Fenton alum ... Sarah Crawford Stewart, president of b-fresh consulting and a McCain, Pawlenty and Huntsman alum ... Sam Drzymala, COS and senior advisor Not Who We Are PAC and principal at Clever Edge ... Matt McKillip, policy director for NC Gov. Pat McCrory and an AEI alum John Fitzpatrick, managing partner at Stratacomm Bob Nash Eric Stepney ... John Law ... John Norris ... Ken Trautmann ... Bob Nash (h/ts Teresa Vilmain) ... Dayne Cutrell, LD for Sen. Richard Shelby, is 29 ... Ian Rose ... Risa Heller ... Andrew Goldston ... Steve Janack ... Olivia Newton-John is 68 ... Serena Williams is 35 (h/ts AP) ****** A message from the American Bankers Association: America's banks play a critical role in generating economic growth while delivering safety and convenience for customers. The two million women and men who work for America's banks safeguard $12.9 trillion in deposits and originate $2.4 trillion in home loans. They provide $331 billion in loans to small businesses and $175 billion in loans to farmers and ranchers. Banks' fraud protection measures stop at least $11 billion in attempted fraud each year. And thousands of banker volunteers deliver financial literacy lessons annually to millions of young Americans to help them become financially successful adults. Find out more at #AmericasBanks ****** SUBSCRIBE to the Playbook family: POLITICO Playbook ... New York Playbook Florida Playbook ... New Jersey Playbook ... Massachusetts Playbook ... Illinois Playbook ... California Playbookhttp://politi.co/2bLvcPl ... Brussels Playbook ... All our political and policy tipsheets
Giuliani slams Lester Holt for fact-checking like Candy Crowley
Giuliani slams Lester Holt for fact-checking like Candy Crowley Presidential debate moderator Lester Holt pulled two Candy Crowleys, former New York Mayor Rudy Giuliani said Tuesday, accusing of the NBC Nightly News anchor of mirroring Crowley s infamous Mitt Romney fact-check twice on Monday night. In an interview with Fox and Friends, Giuliani said he watched the debate two times once live, and then I went home and I watched Lester Holt do Candy Crowley at least twice. Story Continued Below Donald Trump, who had suggested a debate without a moderator ahead of Monday s faceoff, warned Holt last week not to be like Crowley, who interrupted Romney in 2012 after the then-Republican nominee said it took President Barack Obama 14 days to call the attack in Benghazi, Libya, an act of terror. (PolitiFact rated Romney s criticism half true, noting that Obama did say act of terror right after the attacks but that the administration did not speak consistently in the days that followed.") Giuliani took issue with Holt ignorantly attempting to fact-check Trump on the constitutionality of stop-and-frisk and the real estate mogul's false assertion that he never supported the Iraq War. A federal judge in New York ruled the application of the practice unconstitutional, not the policy itself, as Holt suggested, Giuliani argued. The thing that s wrong is Lester Holt said straight out: Stop-and-frisk is unconstitutional. Lester Holt is not a lawyer, Giuliani said. He s wrong. It was decided in 1959 by Earl Warren. It is still the law of the land. The former mayor maintained that every cop does stop-and-frisk in every part of America but gave Hillary Clinton a pass for siding with Holt because she failed the bar exam. But I m not gonna allow him to play lawyer and contradict our candidate, he continued. And I d like to know: When did a moderator become a fact-checker? And if you re gonna be a fact-checker, you better darn be right. I m a lawyer. I m not a moderator who misrepresents on television, Giuliani said, after co-Steve Doocy noted that Giuliani was fact-checking Holt. I m a lawyer. Am I angry about it? I thought after Candy Crowley we saw the last of it. What Holt did last night if journalism has ethics, if it has ethics, he violated the rules of ethics. Now if you re gonna interrupt and you re gonna correct me in front of 100 million people, you better be right. He is dead wrong. Giuliani continued this verbal broadside, slamming Holt for being completely unprofessional and totally unethical and suggesting that he should have had enough energy to check the sources regarding whether Trump supported the Iraq War. I saw the tape, and he opposed the Iraq War before the Iraq War, Giuliani said, despite numerous fact-checks that note Trump voiced support for the war during a 2002 interview with Howard Stern. A hundred million last night were misled by Lester Holt and so-called lawyer Hillary Clinton, Giuliani said. Authors:
Kaine doesn't feel bad for Pence
Tim Kaine said he doesn't feel bad for his counterpart on the Republican ticket for having to defend Donald Trump constantly. Kaine doesn't feel bad for Pence Tim Kaine doesn't feel much pressure when it comes to the day-to-day routine of defending and explaining the platform and background of running mate Hillary Clinton to voters, the Virginia senator said in an interview airing Wednesday on "The Ellen DeGeneres Show." "Obviously because you're the nominee for vice president you have to defend Hillary because that s your job," DeGeneres remarked to Kaine during the friendly interview, to which Kaine affirmed, "Absolutely." Story Continued Below DeGeneres then asked, "Do you feel bad for Mike Pence that he has to defend he s got to be constantly like, 'oh, no what do I say now.' 'What did [Donald Trump] say now?'" as Kaine and members of the audience laughed. "It is part of the role," Kaine said, declining to specifically mention Pence or his defense of Donald Trump. "I don't find that a heavy lift at all to do the work I have to do to tell people Hillary s story," Kaine added, drawing on their biographical parallels as Midwesterners who "both grew up in Republican families ... in small business families" and "in religious households." Kaine added, "I kind of know the vibe. I know that for example, for her it s not easy for her to talk about herself, that s just not the way we were raised, but it s easier for me to talk about her so that s something I like to do is to tell stories about things she s done that really show who she is as a person and the kind of president she ll be." Authors:
Anti-Trump Super PAC Launches Pre-Debate Video Featuring Hofstra Students
An anti-Donald Trump super PAC is going on the offensive ahead of the first presidential debate this Monday at Hofstra University in New York. The group, the Not Who We Are campaign, is using students at the very university where the debate will be held to make a point. A new web ad produced by the group features students unfriendly to Trump's message. I don t think you can have a racist bigot as president, one student says in the 60-second spot that was filmed on campus. Another chimes in, He makes me terrified. And a third simply says, I don t want him on campus. The Not Who We Are campaign plans to run the ad on Twitter and Facebook ahead of and during Monday s debate. Since the Donald himself is coming to campus, these Hofstra students are standing up and sending a message that bigotry and hatred are not who we as Americans and not who they are as part of the Hofstra community, Not Who We Are s campaign manager Josh Hendler said in a statement. Hendler s group bills itself as a venue for community members and leaders across the country to organize their friends, neighbors and coworkers to take a stand against Trump by writing open letters. We ll help you craft the language and organize co-workers to take a stand against bigotry and hate, the group s website says. The site features letters from companies, universities and groups ranging from members of the clergy to scientists to golfers. One recent letter, written by Hofstra student Rob Bielunas, reads in part: "As a community, Hofstra has worked to root out racism, sexism, and xenophobia, the very ideas Mr. Trump has used to get where he is today. His hateful rhetoric and complete disrespect for his fellow citizens are why we, as members of the Hofstra community, stand up against Donald J Trump s run for president."
Glenn Beck shares buyer's remorse on Cruz endorsement
Glenn Beck shares buyer's remorse on Cruz endorsement Glenn Beck, a former Ted Cruz surrogate, suggested Monday that he d have been better off backing Marco Rubio in the Republican presidential primary and laced into the Texas senator for throwing his support behind Donald Trump late last week. For the very first time, I heard Ted Cruz calculate, and when that happened, the whole thing fell apart for me, and it s my fault, Beck said on his radio show. Story Continued Below It s my fault, Beck continued. I should have said: You know who can win? You know who could beat Hillary Clinton? Marco Rubio, and I disagree with him on the Gang of Eight, and there s about 80 percent that I do agree with him on, and he s kind of a politician, but he s a different kind of politician. He s a young politician. He s a Hispanic, He can win. Let s go for it. " Instead, Beck sought a truly honorable man in Cruz and that will always let you down, he said. But while lamenting the fact that Cruz chose to be a politician Friday, Beck said that he believes the Texas firebrand is still a good man. I m not gonna condemn him. He is still, I believe, a good man, Beck said. He is just a politician first. I ve never put him into the category of a politician, and that s my fault. He is a politician. For his part, Cruz insisted to Beck Monday that he was trying to show the Trump campaign how to earn his vote with his floor speech at the Republican National Convention in which he encouraged Republicans to vote their conscience in November. After Beck noted that Cruz failed to answer a question this past weekend about whether the real estate mogul was fit to be president, the senator explained that the presidential election is a binary choice, a conclusion he reached after whittling down five possible options (Vote for Trump, for Clinton, a third-party candidate, write in a candidate or abstain). So a man who has principles who says there are lines I will not cross it s still a binary choice, so a man who you cannot come on and say, Yes, Glenn, he is fit to be president of the United States, I still am encouraged by you to abandon my principles and vote because it s a binary choice? Beck asked. You are encouraged by me to do what you believe is right and honorable in principle, Cruz shot back, warning of the damage he said Clinton would do to America. Beck, however, wasn t satisfied. This is information that you had in Cleveland and hang on just a second before you respond you had all of this information. You had this information the day you dropped out of the race and said that Donald Trump is a sociopathic liar, Beck said. So you had all this information. Have you spent an enormous amount of time with Donald Trump? Do you have new information that has made you say: Oh, my gosh, he s now not a sociopathic liar. He is not the guy I very eloquently spelled out for over a year, and now suddenly there s a reason to believe him. Despite his significant disagreements with Trump, Cruz said, it s a binary choice. I m asking for new information. I m asking you for new information, Beck said. You knew all the things that you re saying today. The time to do that would have been the day you pulled out or the day that you gave the speech so eloquently. Why now? What s new? Cruz pointed to the Trump campaign s release of possible conservative Supreme Court nominees, a list that includes Cruz ally Utah Sen. Mike Lee. He suggested he had a hand in the list, noting that the Supreme Court was an issue he raised with vice presidential nominee Mike Pence when he asked the Texas senator what it would take to get him on board. We discussed the Supreme Court as being one of the great checks protecting the Constitution and the rule of law, and the Trump campaign committing to nominate from that list was an important change that gave me significant reassurance that helped me get to the point of saying yes, Cruz said. After Stu Burguiere pressed Cruz on why he would believe anything Trump says, he rattled off a series of principles at stake. Now, with respect to the justices Donald Trump would nominate, I know that he is publicly committing to nominate from a list that is very strong, and if he were to nominate from that list, it would be a major step towards protecting our rights, Cruz said. I hope that he would follow through on that commitment. One never knows if one will, but the fact that he is public promising I will nominate from these 21, I think creates a dynamic where, compared to Hillary, who is promising to put left-wing ideologues, that s a clear choice. Cruz also disagreed with the wide interpretation that his RNC remarks were a swipe against Trump, adding that he s always been Never Hillary but not ever Never Trump. He also said he gleaned parts of his speech from what Ronald Reagan said about Gerald Ford and what Ted Kennedy said about Jimmy Carter. My speech drew deliberately from both of those speeches, Cruz said. Both of those speeches at the time were treated effectively as endorsement speeches. One of the unfortunate things about the reaction is Cleveland is that for many who were watching, it was perceived that I was essentially embracing Never Trump. I have never been a Never Trumper. After Cruz s appearance, Beck said Cruz would have been better of just telling the truth about why he backed Trump. He could have come on and said, Look, guys, here s the thing, my supporters are yelling at me, and I know that, because so are mine, he said. My donors, who are all in with the GOP, they re all saying I ll never fund I won t fund you for the Senate. I won t fund you for the run in 2020. And I have to make a decision. So the question is do I completely shut myself out of this game or do I play the game as much as I possibly can? Authors:
NY Gov. Andrew Cuomo disputes Trump's claim cops are 'afraid' to do their jobs
Story highlights "I don't know how you could have been more aggressive than we were here," Cuomo said Ahmad Khan Rahami was captured Monday after a manhunt and shootout Washington (CNN) New York Gov. Andrew Cuomo said Tuesday that Republican presidential candidate Donald Trump is wrong to suggest that the New York bombing suspect shouldn't receive medical care. "I understand the anger that Donald Trump is speaking to (but) this is America and this is our system and you are innocent until proven guilty and you have a right to counsel and that is the Constitution of the United States of America," he said on CNN's "New Day." "And that's what makes us who we are. That's what makes us special. And if you give that up, Alisyn, then you have defeated yourself," Cuomo, a Democrat who has endorsed Hillary Clinton for president this cycle, told CNN's Alisyn Camerota. "That is the code of democracy and freedom. That is what they resent about us. So don't lose your soul in the process. Because that is the soul of America." Trump complained Monday about Ahmad Khan Rahami being offered medical treatment and legal assistance following his shootout with police. Rahami, the suspect in Saturday's bombings in New York and New Jersey, was captured Monday. Following a frantic manhunt and shootout, Rahami was shot multiple times before being taken to a hospital for surgery. "He will be taken care of by some of the best doctors in the world. He will be given a fully modern and updated hospital room. And he will probably even have room service, knowing the way our country is. And on top of all of that, he will be represented by an outstanding lawyer," Trump said at a Florida rally. Read More
Clinton economy speech to focus on valuing people with disabilities
Story highlights Clinton is offering voters an implicit contrast with Trump Clinton will outline a series of policy proposals for people with disabilities Chappaqua, New York (CNN) Hillary Clinton's economic speech on Wednesday in Orlando will focus on how the United States can create an economy that values people with disabilities, an attempt to contrast the former secretary of state with Republican nominee Donald Trump. Clinton, an aide said Tuesday, will propose an economy that "welcomes people with disabilities, values their work, rewards them fairly, and treats them with respect." Wednesday's speech is Clinton's fourth in a series of addresses where the former first lady is attempting to talk more about her values and proposals and less about Trump. Clinton has so far given "Stronger Together" speeches on faith, community service and children and families. While those speeches have focused more on Clinton, they have not been devoid of Trump contrast. In all three speeches, Clinton has tried to keep her talk of Trump to a minimum, but they have cast him as an ill-prepared candidate who should not be president. And Wednesday's speech will be no different. Read More
Trump: 'I was going to say something extremely rough' to Clinton
Trump: 'I was going to say something extremely rough' to Clinton Hillary Clinton didn't hold back in her attacks on Donald Trump Monday night, but Donald Trump intimated that he pulled a key punch passing on making a reference to Bill Clinton's past infidelities. I was going to say something extremely rough to Hillary, to her family, and I said to myself, I can't do it, Trump said in reply. It's inappropriate. It's not nice. Story Continued Below Trump's veiled reference followed a tough attack from Clinton, who referenced his past comments about women being pigs and dogs and said Trump loves hanging around beauty contests during Monday night s debate. He tried to switch from looks to stamina. But this is a man who has called women pigs, slobs and dogs, Clinton said. Trump also said that Clinton has been hitting him with tremendous commercials. Some of it's in entertainment. Trump added that Rosie O Donnell, the focus of some of his comments has been very tough to me. Clinton has spent hundreds of millions of dollars on negative ads ... many of which are untrue, and they're misrepresentations, and I will tell you this, Lester, it's not nice, and I don't deserve that, but it's certainly not a nice thing that she's done, Trump added. I m very happy that I was able to hold back on the indiscretions with respect to Bill Clinton, Trump told reporters after the debate. Because I have a lot of respect for Chelsea Clinton and I just didn t want to say what I was going to say. And what exactly, a reporter asked, was that going to be? I ll tell you maybe at the next debate, we ll see, he responded. Authors:
The 8 Biggest Unforced Errors in Debate History
On the night of September 26, as the house lights dim in the Mack Complex at Hofstra University and the TV cameras go live, millions of Americans will be riveted to the scene. Will Donald Trump seem well prepared? Will Hillary Clinton s commanding grasp of policy and nuance dazzle viewers? Will either candidate rise to the challenge and show voters that they have what it takes to be president? Experience suggests it s hard to make a positive breakthrough especially with two candidates so well known and so widely disliked. But what is possible is a serious unforced error. Story Continued Below Over the 56 years that presidential debates have been televised, one of their great legacies has been the sudden, public gaffe a mistake live on TV that permanently cements the way voters see the candidate. Despite the hopeful aspirations of those voters who welcome a few hours of substantive deliberation on the major issues of the day, the truth is that these are televised performances. What the candidates say often matters less than how they look and what they do with their bodies: Every breath they take, every expression they make, and every emotion they convey can play a major role in determining how Americans evaluate their performances. And although debates don t usually transform how most voters think of the candidates, they do confirm voters impressions which matters on Election Day. For both candidates, this will be a particularly big challenge. Donald Trump is a larger-than-life presence who likes to intimidate, cajole and verbally bully his opponents by saying things long considered out of bounds which could lead to an unforced error by Hillary Clinton. Hillary Clinton, who sometimes betrays an aversion to letting too much emotion show, has a steely temperament and stinging wit that could easily get under Trump s skin, instigating him into losing control with the cameras rolling. If either of these happens, it will join the long line of memorable, campaign-changing moments that candidates fumbled into. 1. 1960: Nixon sweats while debating JFK Famously, the very first televised presidential debate offered early evidence that all future debates would be visual affairs. After eight years as vice president, Richard Nixon was running to inherit the White House from the enormously popular Dwight Eisenhower. His challenger was John F. Kennedy, the charismatic young Massachusetts senator whose eloquence and matinee-idol looks captivated much of the nation. On September 26, at the candidates first debate, Nixon proved to be in strong command of policy. But he looked terrible. Famously, prior to the debate, he declined to have any makeup applied to his face. But that decision was made worse by the fact that for much of the previous two weeks, Nixon had been away from the campaign trail nursing a knee infection. As a result, he looked peaked. Video: The Biggest Unforced Errors in Debate History From Richard Nixon sweating on camera during the first presidential debate to George H.W. Bush checking his watch before an audience question here are some of the most prominent debate gaffes in U.S. history. During their televised rumble, Nixon could be seen sweating and, on camera, wiping his brow with a handkerchief. His pale color and five o'clock shadow didn t help. All of which undercut his performance against Kennedy, who was a vision of youthful vigor. 2. 1976: Ford and Carter freeze in a moment of crisis A more dramatic moment occurred on September 23, 1976, when the sound system malfunctioned in Philadelphia s Walnut Street Theater, forcing a 27-minute delay during the debate, during which President Gerald Ford and then-Governor Jimmy Carter awkwardly stood still on stage. The broadcast continued as the television crew worked furiously to fix the technical problems. Neither candidate wanted to move, fearing that it would somehow look bad to audiences at home, so instead they stood frozen in a comic parody better than anything that Saturday Night Live could imagine. Moderators Robert McNeil and Jim Lehrer kept talking as the candidates stood helplessly like two Hollywood stand-ins, wrote Jules Witcover in the Washington Post. Years later, Ford admitted that I suspect both of us would have liked to sit down and relax while the technicians were fixing the system, but I think both of us were hesitant to make any gesture that might look like we weren t physically or mentally able to handle a problem like this. In the end, both men were diminished; they seemed less like leaders than deer caught in headlights. 3. 1980: Carter s grim-faced critiques seem too self-serious In politics, brevity can be a virtue. During his only debate with Ronald Reagan in the fall of 1980, Jimmy Carter didn t get that lesson. In front of a record-breaking 80.6 million viewers, Carter was hoping to paint Ronald Reagan as a creature of the far right someone like Barry Goldwater, the GOP nominee whom Lyndon Johnson so successfully branded as an extremist some 16 years earlier. As Reagan sought to present himself as a more moderate, relatable Republican, Carter tried to forcefully punch back in the form of a lengthy and detailed monologue about health care and how Reagan had opposed Medicare in 1964. While Carter looked grim on the attack, Reagan grinned like a mildly disappointed father and shot back with just one phrase: There you go again, he said with a laugh. The line undercut Carter s entire argument, making Reagan look like the bigger man. 4. 1984: Mondale lets Reagan s one-liner negate a serious weakness During 1984 s first debate, Reagan, then 73, aroused concern when he seemed to have trouble remembering his answers or following the questions. He stumbled over his words and lacked clarity with each statement. His opponent, former Vice President Walter Mondale, was crisp and sharp. In contrast, Reagan rambled through his closing statement to the alarm of his advisers. Lou Cannon wrote that Reagan left the stage admitting to campaign adviser Stu Spencer that he had flopped. The Wall Street Journal s headline the next morning captured the zeitgeist: New Question in Race: Is Oldest President Now Showing his Age? Fortunately for Reagan, he came back with a vengeance. In a later debate, when Baltimore Sun journalist Henry Trewitt asked Reagan if his age would prevent him from fulfilling the rigors of the presidency, Reagan had a quip for the ages: I will not make age an issue in this campaign. I will not exploit, for political purposes, my opponent s youth and inexperience. The audience erupted in laughter, including Mondale, which completely undercut the seriousness of the underlying charge. 5. 1988: Dukakis seems cold in the face of a deeply personal question Perhaps the most shocking and controversial opening question in any presidential debate was posed by CNN anchor Bernard Shaw to Massachusetts Gov. Michael Dukakis at the second debate of 1988. Dukakis was widely seen as a technocrat, a man whose inner character remained a mystery to many voters. The night before the debate, at 2 a.m., Shaw thought of the question that could crack that shell and elicit passion from the candidate. And so he began the debate with it: Governor, if Kitty Dukakis were raped and murdered, would you favor an irrevocable death penalty for the killer? Reporters were shocked, but Dukakis seemed unperturbed. In a clinical and dispassionate manner, Dukakis simply said No, I don t Bernard, and I think you know that I ve opposed the death penalty during all of my life. I don t see any evidence that it s a deterrent, and I think there are better and more effective ways to deal with violent crime. It was as though Dukakis was talking about a stranger, answering in the same tone that a professor might use to explain a basic point of fact in the classroom. Voters were taken aback by how little passion the candidate seemed to have. It was a question about Dukakis s values and emotions, his campaign director, Susan Estrich, later recalled. When he answered by talking policy, I knew we lost the election. 6. 1992: Bush checks his watch while an audience member asks a question During the 1992 campaign, few moments were more devastating to George H.W. Bush than his decision to look at his wrist watch in the middle of a town-hall debate with Bill Clinton and Ross Perot. Right before an audience member asked the candidates how the national debt personally affected the lives of the candidates and how they could relate to the economic challenges of average Americans, Bush was seen looking down to figure out how many minutes were left. Only 10 more minutes of this crap, Bush would later say he was thinking at the time. Checking the time would ve been unflattering in a normal debate setup, but coming as it did during a debate in which ordinary Americans posed questions to the presidential candidates it seemed like Bush was bored and uninterested in hearing what real people had to say. For a candidate already under attack for not being concerned about domestic policy, his glance seemed to confirm everything that was said about him. 7. 2000: Gore sighs, eye-rolls and miscalculates in a confrontation with Bush Entering the debates in 2000, Vice President Al Gore and his supporters were pretty confident that they were up against a political lightweight in George W. Bush. Gore had been in high-profile debates before, and his team was confident that the debates would show American voters that Bush, a relative lightweight known to stumble over his words, lacked the clarity and gravitas needed to be president. During the first debate, Gore s overdramatic attempts to emphasize how exasperated he was with Bush backfired big time. At several points, microphones caught Gore loudly sighing in response to Bush s answers, which played into Republican arguments that he was arrogant and condescending. And as Bush criticized the Democrat s plans for their fuzzy math, Gore was seen on the split screen rolling his eyes and shaking his head in frustration. At the third debate, a town-hall-style affair, one of the oddest moments of this or any other debate happened: Gore walked right up to Bush as he was speaking, as if to physically intimidate him. Looking up with an annoyed glance, Bush seized the moment, nodding his head with a smirk, and continuing on with his statement, making Gore s action look odd as the audience laughed. Donna Brazile, who ran Gore s campaign, believed that Gore won the debates on policy but on mannerisms and the takeaway, he ended up losing many of us remember the split-screen, and Al Gore was sitting there, rolling his eyes, perhaps, looking at George Bush, and basically he started to sigh. 8. 2004: Bush cannot contain his irritation at Kerry After the first debate of the general election in 2000, President Bush came under criticism when he couldn t contain how annoyed he was by some of the comments his opponent, Senator John Kerry, made about Bush s record. Though Bush had benefited from the visuals of his 2000 debates against Vice President Al Gore, the critics weren t so kind to Bush in 2004, when cameras caught him scowling, clenching his jaw and leaning tensely over his lectern, as he listened to Kerry speak. The Democratic National Committee didn t wait long to pounce on the president. In their online video, Faces of Frustration, viewers were treated to a repeat of the split screen showing Kerry calmly speaking on the left side of the screen with Bush s angry looks on the right side. *** Appearances are not the only thing that matters in the debates, of course. What the candidates say will be endlessly scrutinized with the media, while the quality of the one-line zingers, particularly in the viral age of Twitter, Facebook and YouTube, are important in shaping perceptions of the event. And on September 26, 56 years to the day since Nixon awkwardly sweated his way through the debate with JFK, we ll see what happens. Julian E. Zelizer is a political historian at Princeton University and a Political Reform Fellow at New America. He is the author of The Fierce Urgency of Now: Lyndon Johnson, Congress, and the Battle for the Great Society (Penguin Press).
Trump Calls For This Racist Policy To Be Forced On Every State
Donald Trump is calling for one of the most controversial and racially charged policies enacted by police departments to be expanded across the entire country. The city of New York recently ended stop and frisk, but Trump is pushing for it, apparently egged on by his top campaign surrogate, former New York City mayor Rudy Giuliani. From Politico: In a pre-taped interview on Fox News scheduled to air Wednesday night, Trump was asked by an audience member what he would do to address violence in the black community and black-on-black crime. Trump responded by proposing that stop-and-frisk policing, in which an officer is empowered to stop an individual and frisk them for weapons or any other illegal contraband, be adopted nationwide. I would do stop-and-frisk. I think you have to. We did it in New York, it worked incredibly well and you have to be proactive and, you know, you really help people sort of change their mind automatically, Trump told the questioner. Stop-and-frisk was repeatedly called out and protested against by New York City residents because the policy was shown time and time again to disproportionately target black and Latino residents. They were singled out for examination and interrogation by police officers, in what some felt were quotas set up by police management. When the city stopped using stop-and-frisk, they did not see an increase in crime, despite claims from its supporters that there would be a spike in criminal activity. Most people who had been subject to stop-and-frisk were let go, because they hadn t done anything wrong. Former US District Court Judge Shira Scheindlin, who had ruled the procedure unconstitutional in federal court, described it as destructive in an interview with Buzzfeed. She added: In short, the overstopping in many communities harmed the relationship between the people and the police. Cooperation has now improved due to positive efforts by police to work with the community not against it. Featured image via Flickr
Obama Claims It Will Be A Personal Insult If You Don t Vote For Hillary [VIDEO]
Obama Claims It Will Be A Personal Insult If You Don t Vote For Hillary [VIDEO] This past Saturday night our Divider-in-Chief was at it again. This time he lectured the attendees at the 46th Annual Legislative Conference Phoenix Awards Dinner of the Congressional Black Caucus. What did he lecture them about? Hillary. Yep, he told them that he would be personally insulted if they didn t vote for Hillary. Here s what he said: My name may not be on the ballot but our progress is on the ballot. Tolerance is on the ballot. Democracy is on the ballot. Justice is on the ballot. Good schools are on the ballot. Ending mass incarceration, that s on the ballot right now. And there is one candidate who will advance those things. And there is another candidate whose defining principle, the central theme of hos candidacy is opposition to all that we have done. There s no such thing as a vote that doesn t matter. It all matters, and after we have achieved historic turnout in 2008 and 2012, especially in the African-American community, I will consider it a personal insult, an insult to my legacy, if this community lets down its guard and fails to activate itself in this election. You want to give me a good sendoff? Go vote! 101 Things All Young Adults Should Know by Sir John Hawkins John Hawkins's book 101 Things All Young Adults Should Know is filled with lessons that newly minted adults need in order to get the most out of life. Gleaned from a lifetime of trial, error, and writing it down, Hawkins provides advice everyone can benefit from in short, digestible chapters. Buy Now We definitely want to give you a sendoff Mr. President. And it can t be soon enough. But this business of being personally insulted if someone does not vote the way you tell them, is arrogant, not to mention juvenile. Get over it. If not voting for Hillary is an insult to you, then consider yourself insulted, because there are many Americans of every color who will not be voting for Hillary. And your legacy? You ve done a fine job of insulting your own legacy with all the disastrous decisions and programs you ve implemented. No one needs to help you insult your legacy, it s a mess. The Democrat way is to shame people into voting the way they want them to. But the people in that room deserve the respect of not being lectured about who they MUST vote for. So save the preaching for those who want to hear it. Your legacy is one of causing division and Hillary will pick up where you left off, if she is elected. And that can t be fixed. Trump 2016.
Robert Kennedy Would Have Hated Donald Trump
AP Photo Backtalk Robert Kennedy Would Have Hated Donald Trump The GOP candidate is not the man of peace my former colleague makes him out to be. Writing as a former legislative assistant to Senator Robert F. Kennedy and an enthusiastic supporter of Hillary Clinton for president, I was disappointed to see in Politico the screed written by my former colleague, Adam Walinsky, excoriating Clinton s record on foreign policy and national security and going on to conclude that Donald Trump should therefore be elected president. It is one thing to disagree with Secretary Clinton, which Walinsky does heatedly, and quite another to turn to Donald Trump. We should be clear that Walinsky s critique is not confined to Clinton. He lays out (and massively overstates) a dark view not just of Clinton but also of President Obama and almost the entire Democratic Party. The analysis is overwrought, but even one who buys the argument defies all logic in imagining that the solution is Trump. Story Continued Below The question is not whether there is a military-industrial complex in our country. President Eisenhower called us out on that and there is enough responsibility to go around among both parties for it. The 21st century version begins with the Iraq War, which was originated by a Republican President. I am not interested in adjudicating the issue of which party is the war party except to say that Presidents Obama, Clinton and Carter have stood for peace in important and tangible ways. The question here is whether Donald Trump can claim in any way that he is the candidate who stands for a foreign policy of restraint and the answer is that he cannot. Walinsky finds in Trump a rationality and consistency that do not exist. Any reasonable observer of the presidential campaign has seen that at one moment, Trump will represent himself as an isolationist who wants to end ties with NATO and other allies; at another, he will lash out at any perceived insult to the U.S. or to himself, and pledges that America s pride needs to be vindicated militarily. America First, Trump says regularly, bringing the isolationism of Charles Lindbergh to mind before excoriating President Obama for not using greater force in any number of venues and then insinuating that he has a secret plan to obliterate the Islamic State. To compare John F. Kennedy and Robert F. Kennedy to Donald Trump is well, I won t finish the sentence. Yes, Robert Kennedy turned against the Vietnam War, but not because he felt that America should retreat from the world. He opposed the war because it was unjust and was based on a flawed notion of American interests. The result, as we know, was the death of Vietnamese and Americans and others who should not have died. JFK and RFK were internationalists. They understood that World War II left the United States with a responsibility to play an active and constructive role in the world. They understood that America must stand together and dependably with allies who also are committed to pursue a peaceful world. They understood that the use of force was sometimes necessary and that brave men and women would be put at risk. They made those difficult, often excruciating, decisions carefully and as transparently as possible, never rashly, impulsively, or vindictively. Walinsky quotes Robert Kennedy s statement that if any member of the ExComm other than John F. Kennedy had been president during the Cuban Missile Crisis, we would have had a nuclear war. Ask yourself what a President Trump might have done in that moment. Restraint is not the word that comes to mind. This is a man who said he would order the military to kill the families of Muslim terrorists and use interrogation techniques worse than waterboarding and opined that the United States should have seized Iraq s oil resources as spoils to the victor. Yes, we have put too much power in the hands of militarists and profit seekers in both the public and private sectors. But electing Donald Trump is not the answer; it would only compound the problem in new and dangerous ways. The answer is an active citizenry that speaks out against the inappropriate use of force and opposes interference in conflicts that involve neither American security interests nor egregious human rights violations a topic in which Donald Trump has shown an ostentatious indifference, as his fondness for Vladimir Putin reflects. All the evidence, provided again and again by Donald Trump s own mouth, tells us not that he is a man of peace, but that he is a man of no principle a man who will say, and possibly do, whatever happens to cross his mind at a given minute. He is like the weather in New England: If you don t like it, wait a minute. We do not know what he believes because he does not know what he believes. We do not know what he knows because, from all we can see, he does not know much. Even if Walinsky s diatribe is correct, which it most certainly is not in its breadth and depth, there is nothing in it that justifies turning to Donald Trump. Of all occasions to break ranks with the Democratic Party, this is the most inappropriate. Of all the ways to misappropriate the memory of John and Robert Kennedy, two of our greatest public servants, this is the most egregious I have ever seen. To say that I am disappointed by what Walinsky has done is an understatement. America, in this election, faces an existential question and history will judge us by our answer. Walinsky has chosen the wrong side of the struggle. Peter Edelman is the Carmack Waterhouse professor of law and public policy at Georgetown University Law Center.
Is West Virginia Holding America s Weirdest Election?
A billionaire who built up a corporate empire from his father s inheritance now is running his first major political campaign with a promise to shake up the establishment and restore prosperity after a long period of stagnation. But in this case it s not Donald Trump. It s Jim Justice, the Democratic candidate for governor in West Virginia and a coal baron to boot. Like Trump, Justice has been accused of not paying his bills and being out mainly for himself. And like Trump, Justice is running a nontraditional campaign that exists well outside the partisan pattern, eschewing Hillary Clinton and Barack Obama in favor of a cult of personality based around his exploits in business. As West Virginia s only billionaire, he can self-fund, pumping $2.2 million into his campaign through mid-June. Justice faces stiff crosswinds, however, running as a down-ballot Democrat in one of Trump s strongest states. Story Continued Below West Virginia polling is scarce and often inaccurate, but a MetroNews West Virginia poll released earlier this month showed Trump with a 49 31 advantage over Hillary Clinton, who won only 36 percent to Bernie Sanders 51 percent in the state s May 10 primary. In an era of declining split-ticket voting, Justice must outperform Clinton by double digits to win. That s led to a dynamic in which West Virginia s GOP candidate for governor, state Senate President Bill Cole, is embracing Trump while Justice is distancing himself from Clinton. It s very nearly the opposite of what s happening in other states with close races. Across the nation, Democrats are trying to nationalize their races because they think they can use Trump as a weapon. In this race, it s pretty clear Democrats are trying to localize, because Trump is not a drag but an asset for Cole, says Kyle Kondik, managing editor of Larry Sabato s Crystal Ball at the University of Virginia s Center for Politics. This is one of the few places in the country where Republicans are more concerned with nationalizing a race than Democrats are. In this race, Trump isn t a drag on Republicans; he s an asset. The reason is simple: coal. Republicans have dominated Appalachia the past three cycles by bludgeoning Democrats with war on coal rhetoric blaming Obama for the industry's decline. It s hard to make that charge stick against a coal baron. And Justice definitely qualifies: He inherited an array of coal interests from his father, then enlarged them to become one of the biggest private coal mine owners in the East. That growth included the 2009 sale of his Bluestone Coal Corp. to Russia s OAO Mechel for $568 million. Then the coal slump hit, and last year Justice bought Bluestone back for $5 million, less than 1 percent of his selling price. Cole, the Republican candidate, has more elective experience than Justice, but he s no establishment insider. Owner of Bill Cole Automall and other businesses, Cole is finishing only his first term in the West Virginia Senate, having previously served a few months in the House of Delegates when he was appointed to fill a vacant seat. However, Cole spent much of 2016 wrapped up in a state budget crisis and has focused his general election campaign on tried-and-true conservative policy proposals such as cutting spending and taxes, banning late-term abortions and opening charter schools. In a year in which voters largely have embraced personality over policy, that may not be enough, even in a Republican-tilting state with a wildly popular candidate at the top of the ticket. If you think about the primary races here, we saw a giant Trump win and a giant Sanders win, says Scott Crichlow, associate professor of political science at West Virginia University. If you look at Trump, look at Sanders, look at Justice, they certainly have policies that are known the wall, universal health care, the coal industry but so much of what s driving the appeal for them is personality and image, not just a list of policy prescriptions. Justice is running as a conservative Democrat, not unlike former governor and current U.S. Sen. Joe Manchin, with whom he shares a number of campaign staff. He s flip-flopped between the two major parties, giving money to both and changing his registration, most recently in February 2015, when he became a Democrat. However, he says he won t vote for Clinton and dismissed Cole s claim that he supports Obama as complete dog snot. And while Justice spokesman Grant Herring says his candidate isn t focused on the national political circus, the language he uses to describe his appeal sounds awfully familiar. Jim is no politician, says Herring. He is the outsider in this race who has the skills and experience to transform the state. At the moment, it looks like that approach is working: A MetroNews West Virginia poll released September 3 showed Justice running away with the race at 46 percent, Cole with 32 percent, Mountain Party candidate Charlotte Pritt with 8 percent, and Libertarian David Moran with 5 percent. Many doubt the veracity of the MetroNews poll, which has varied wildly when measured against election results in recent years, but most, including Cole spokesman Kent Gates, agree that Justice is winning. Do I think Justice has a lead? Yes, says Gates. Do I think it s double digits? No. Some of that is because Justice s industry ties largely make him resistant to the GOP s otherwise effective war on coal messaging, which has proven to be Democrat kryptonite around Appalachia, even in districts beyond the coalfields. If you re going to win in West Virginia, you better be running against Hillary Clinton, says Dave Mudcat Saunders, a western Virginia political consultant known for his so-called Bubba Strategy, designed to help Democrats appeal to white working-class voters. Saunders, who has said he s voting for Trump, says voters don t trust Clinton or care about her support for funding going to help coalfield economies transition to something else. She said she s going to put coal out of business. West Virginia coal miners don t want a handout. They want their dignity. They want their jobs. If you re going to win in West Virginia, you better be running against Hillary Clinton, says one Democratic strategist. But Saunders doesn t have kind words for Justice either: He s screwed every coal operator in West Virginia at one time or another. Cole sees that reputation as his big opening. His spokesman, Gates, says the Republican campaign will open up attacks on Justice s business record over the next several weeks. Jim Justice is a coal operator, but he s not a coal operator acting in the best interest of West Virginia, Gates says. His legacy of unpaid bills is documented across the land. That record extends from unpaid federal fines to unpaid vendors to unpaid state and local taxes in multiple states. In a 2014 series on delinquent mines, NPR reported that Justice stands out among mining operators, owing nearly $2 million in unpaid fines at the time. That same year, a federal agency issued 39 cessation orders against three Justice companies for reclamation violations at Tennessee mines, including hiring a contractor who planted trees upside down. The problems have persisted. This year in Kentucky, Justice s mines missed reclamation deadlines and owed nearly $2 million in delinquent property taxes. That s an improvement from last year, when he owed $3.5 million in unpaid Kentucky taxes. In southwest Virginia, Tazewell County officials seized machinery, tools and other equipment from a Justice-owned mine this spring to make up for $850,000 in unpaid property taxes. When 2015 West Virginia property taxes became delinquent in April, Justice owed more than $3.9 million. The pattern apparently extends to Justice s other businesses, as well: Two companies sued the Greenbrier for unpaid work on its golf courses for the PGA tournament, eventually settling out of court. Justice s mining record, which includes extensive use of mountaintop removal mining, as well as his issues with mine reclamation, has made him the target of many an Appalachian environmental activist. The Cole campaign going negative on Justice might not push those green voters to vote Republican, but it might tip them toward Pritt, who is running for governor as the candidate of the Mountain Party, the West Virginia affiliate of the Green Party. Pritt served eight years in the state Legislature and is making her third run for governor. The last time she ran, in 1996, she defeated Manchin in a primary on the way to a loss in the general election. Both Cole and Justice have promised to bring back coal jobs, but whoever wins in November faces the monumental task of a state economy that s suffered mightily with the collapse of the coal industry. According to the U.S. Census, West Virginia s 2014 median household income was $41,576, compared with $53,657 nationally. Its poverty rate was 18.3 percent, versus 14.8 nationally. Mining jobs have plummeted, falling 19 percent in the past calendar year, 26 percent from a decade ago, and 39 percent from 2011, when the market for metallurgical, or steel-making, coal spiked on the strength of a then-strong Asian economy. Mines sit idle as a string of industry giants Alpha Natural Resources, Arch Coal, Patriot Coal, Peabody Energy and Walter Energy filed for bankruptcy due to a convergence of factors including a slumping Asian economy, competition from cheap natural gas, and federal clean-air regulations that resulted in a wave of older power plants closing or converting to natural gas. While the market for metallurgical, or steel-making coal may eventually return, it s unlikely the same will be true for steam, or power-producing, coal. The coal industry s struggles haven t just hurt West Virginia s employment rate, but also its state budget. The reduction in coal and natural gas severance tax collection contributed to its budget crisis, along with an economy that generally has failed to transition from its fossil fuel roots. In this gubernatorial campaign, neither candidate seems eager to push that process forward. Justice, however, has experience operating in economic sectors such as farming and tourism that may be part of the recipe for recovery. He previously owned Wintergreen Resort in Virginia before selling it last year, and in 2009 he bought the famed Greenbrier Resort out of bankruptcy. Since then, he s brought an annual PGA tournament and the New Orleans Saints training camp to the Greenbrier. In late June, a month and a half after Justice won the Democratic nomination and two weeks before the Greenbrier Classic PGA tournament was scheduled to start, tragedy inadvertently threw a spotlight on the Greenbrier and the communities around it when West Virginia was slammed by historic rains and flooding that qualified as a 1,000-year event in parts of the state. Twenty-three people were killed, including 15 in Greenbrier County, and hundreds of homes were destroyed. Justice canceled the PGA event and closed the Greenbrier Resort, though it opened its doors, free of charge, to house about 200 people who had been displaced from their homes. He shut down his campaign for roughly 10 days following the flooding, appearing only at a brief press conference to announce the Greenbrier s reopening date. Should he win in November, however, his response to the flooding and actions at the Greenbrier will be remembered as a defining moment. Whether Justice will win, however, remains an open question, double-digit poll lead notwithstanding. Sabato s Crystal Ball recently moved the West Virginia governor s race from Leans Republican to Toss-up. We re being cautious because of the fact that Justice will need to run so far ahead of Clinton, Kondik says. Trump will easily win West Virginia, but the winner of the governor s race will be determined by how willing voters are to split their tickets, and whether Democrats remain loyal to their party or break for Pritt. That s why Cole s campaign is attacking Justice on his record as a coal businessman, even as they decry the federal war on coal. Whether those voters go to Cole or to Pritt ultimately doesn t matter, so long as they re not voting for Justice. In his attacks on Justice, Cole spokesman Gates repeated one line a couple of times: At the end of the day, Jim Justice is going to do what s best for Jim Justice. That line has been used about Donald Trump, too. The question for West Virginia voters on Election Day will be whether what s in Justice and Trump s best interests is in theirs, too. Mason Adams writes from southwest Virginia. He's on Twitter at @MasonAtoms.
This Was the Trump Hillary Wanted America to See But Did It Work?
If I hadn t seen the last fifteen months of this campaign, I d have no problem in asserting who won this first debate on Monday night. It was Hillary Clinton, whether the issue was the way she looked on stage, or got the better of Donald Trump in most exchanges, or her calm, somewhat more presidential demeanor. So what s my hesitancy in proclaiming her the winner? It has to do with Trump s not failing badly. He did not show himself to be unfit for the presidency, which was Clinton s main accusation against him. In the countless other occasions from his announcement speech on the ordinary rules of politics would have decreed that Trump s campaign was wounded, crippled, dead. His supporters and every stage in the campaign has showed them to be far more numerous than had been thought do not hear him the way those of us who ve covered campaigns do. The insults, the sneers? That just shows he s the one person who can get up in the grill of the elites, the establishment, the people who have ignored us, ridiculed us, left us behind. And what of his lack of knowledge (demonstrated once again in his talk about nuclear proliferation on Monday night)? It doesn t matter, because he s got the right instincts to upend a corrupt system. Story Continued Below If he s blustery, self-confident to the point of arrogance, dismissive of subtleties, then that s a sign that he s a bold, fearless advocate, as he showed again Monday night. Measured by that standard, did anything in this debate suggest that he is unfit for the job, as so many newspaper editorials and condemnations by traditional Republicans have argued? Clinton did bring up the 50 GOP national security experts who have rejected him, but Trump simply replied by citing a list of high-ranking military officers who are supporting him. And what of other standard measure? Atmospherics? She was clearly happier to be on stage than he was; his water consumption suggested a subtle Marco Rubio impersonation. Demeanor? It s hard to imagine any of those wavering college-educated women finding his constant constant interruptions appealing. On the respective vulnerabilities? He launched one brief attack on her 33,000 emails and then the issue went away. By contrast, she laid down attack after attack on his taxes, his business ethics, his treatment of women, and the birther issue, which he linked to outright racism. And his defenses that he took advantage of the laws of the nation in his dealings with contractors, in his explanation of his missing taxes were somewhere between unconvincing and incoherent. It s telling that one of his more effective segments came in talking about crime, when he argued that the people that are most affected by what's happening are African-American and Hispanic people. And it's very unfair to them what our politicians are allowing to happen. Moreover, her calmer demeanor enabled her to level some remarkably harsh attacks; calling his birther argument flat out racist: charging he d stiffed many of those who d worked for him. (She managed a more human touch by noting how happy she was that her father, a middle-class draper, never worked for Trump.) Finally, at the very end of the debate, moderator Lester Holt confronted Trump with his statement that Clinton did not have the look of a president a clear implication that this was a matter of gender. When Trump tried to shift the ground to a question of stamina, a smiling Clinton was ready. Well, she said, as soon as he travels to 112 countries and negotiates a peace deal, a cease-fire, a release of dissidents, an opening of new opportunities in nations around the world or even spends 11 hours testifying in front of a congressional committee, he can talk to me about stamina. That worked very well. I have little doubt that Clinton will be proclaimed the winner of this debate; by any traditional measure, she was. But if this campaign so far has proven anything, it s that traditional measures have measured very little about what has happened. And I m very leery about applying traditional measures to this debate. Jeff Greenfield is a five-time Emmy-winning network television analyst and author.
Pence: There's too much talk of police department 'racism'
Mike Pence said "we ought to set aside this talk about institutional racism and institutional bias." | AP Photo Pence: There's too much talk of police department 'racism' COLORADO SPRINGS, Colo. Mike Pence said there is too much talk of "institutional racism and institutional bias" in the wake of unrest following police shootings in Tulsa, Oklahoma, and Charlotte, North Carolina. "Police officers are human beings," Pence said at a pastors' roundtable at Radiant Church here. "And in difficult and life-threatening situations, mistakes are made and people have to be held to strict account, but we both believe that it's important that we have a president who, as the chief law enforcement officer of the United States, stands behind the men and women who serve in law enforcement." Story Continued Below Pence said that police officers are "the best of us." "We ought to set aside this talk, this talk about institutional racism and institutional bias," he said, calling such assertions "rhetoric of division." Asked by Bishop John Brannon, who is African-American, what Pence would "personally do" to heal divides in the country, Pence brought up the recent shootings. "When there's any loss of life, we have to speak with compassion, we have to make it clear that there will be a thorough investigation and that justice will be served and that high standards will be upheld," Pence said. Pence sought to strike a tone of unity in his remarks, repeating that "there will always be more that unites us in this country than could ever divide us." At a town hall event shortly after the pastors roundtable, Pence used the same line that there is too much talk of "institutional racism" to take aim at Democratic nominee Hillary Clinton. "But in the wake of these tragic events in Tulsa and Charlotte, sadly our opponent once again refers to what she calls the institutional racism in law enforcement," Pence said. "We heard this week again of the 'systemic racism' in law enforcement in this country." Pence said people expect a "thorough, immediate and transparent investigation" in the wake of police shootings. Pence went on to say that police are "not a force for racism in America, they are a force for good, they stand for our families, they protect our homes and they deserve our support and respect." He also said he respected protesters' constitutional right to assemble, but added "there is no right to engage in violence against our citizens or against our property." Trump expressed his own concern about the Tulsa shooting on Wednesday, suggesting the shooting happened because the officer in question was choking under pressure. Authors:
Trump Jr. Once Again Shows His Lack Of Humanity With Disgusting Tweet About Syrian Refugees
We ve all seen the horrific photos of children who are victims of the Syrian Civil War. Perhaps the most infamous is the one of the little boy sitting, covered in blood and dirt, barefoot, in the back of an ambulance. He is clearly in shock. It shows us just what that kind of war does to a society, to ordinary people, and children just like us, just like the kids in our own lives. Well, there is one person who is completely unmoved by these images: Donald Trump Jr. The Donald s mini me has long shown his lack of humanity. After all, he made a disgusting Holocaust reference when trying to tear down the media s coverage of Hillary Clinton, saying if the GOP did what the Democrats are doing, they d be warming up the gas chamber. Well, now, he s gone into the gutter again, this time regarding Syrian refugees. Trump Jr sent out the following tweet, comparing refugees to a bowl of Skittles: This image says it all. Let's end the politically correct agenda that doesn't put America first. #trump2016 pic.twitter.com/9fHwog7ssN Donald Trump Jr. (@DonaldJTrumpJr) September 19, 2016 And as if this weren t bad enough, comparing human beings to a bowl of candy, this is actually a white supremacist meme. The Skittles are a reference to white supremacist meme. Changed from M&Ms to Skittles because of George Zimmerman. Laura Seay (@texasinafrica) September 20, 2016 George Zimmerman is, of course, the wannabe cop who got away with murdering Trayvon Martin, a black teen who was walking home from the store in Florida with only a can of iced tea and a package of skittles. So, in other words, once again, Trump Jr. is openly courting white supremacists on his father s behalf. Skittles spokeswoman Denise Young said that her company, Wrigley, which is the parent company that produces skittles, didn t believe Trump Jr s image was appropriate. She went on to say: Skittles are candy. Refugees are people. We don t feel it s an appropriate analogy. We will respectfully refrain from further commentary as anything we say could be misinterpreted as marketing. The Trump campaign is so repugnant that even candy makers have to speak out. This meme is racist, disgusting, and is just another sign of what a morally bankrupt family the Trumps are. Do everything you can to keep them out of the White House, folks. VOTE BLUE. Featured image via video screen capture
Clinton demands Charlotte police video release 'without delay'
Charlotte-Mecklenburg Police Chief Kerr Putney said earlier in the week that he did not plan to release his department s video of the shooting, although he has allowed the victim s family and attorneys to view it. | AP Photo Clinton demands Charlotte police video release 'without delay' Hillary Clinton called on authorities in Charlotte, North Carolina, on Friday to release the police video showing shooting of Keith Scott "without delay." The former of secretary of state, who made reforming the criminal justice system an early centerpiece of her campaign, wrote that "we must ensure justice & work to bridge divides." The post was signed with her initial, H, indicating that the post was written personally by Clinton. Story Continued Below Cell phone video showing the shooting released Friday by NBC News and The New York Times does not conclusively show whether the victim was armed when police officers shot him. The video, recorded by Scott s wife Rakeyia Scott, does not show him being shot although the sound of gunshots is audible. Keith Scott is not clearly visible in the video until after he has been shot, when officers surround his body lying on the pavement. Charlotte police said Keith Scott was holding a gun when officers shot him outside of his apartment on Tuesday. In the video, released by the victim s family, police officers are heard yelling at Keith Scott to drop the gun while his wife shouts he has no weapon and he has no gun. Attorneys for the family have said that Keith Scott was not holding a gun when he was shot, although police have said they recovered a firearm and photos from the scene appear to show one lying next to the victim s body. The video offers a different perspective from the dashboard camera and body camera footage that also captured the shooting but has not yet been released. Charlotte-Mecklenburg Police Chief Kerr Putney said Thursday that he did not plan to release his department s video of the shooting, although he has allowed the victim s family and attorneys to view it. Keith Scott s shooting by police, along with that of another black man, Terence Crutcher, in Tulsa, Oklahoma, has prompted demonstrations nationwide. In Charlotte, those protests grew violent Wednesday night into Thursday morning, prompting North Carolina Gov. Pat McCrory to declare a state of emergency. With National Guard troops looking on and a midnight curfew in effect, protests Thursday night were mostly peaceful. Authors:
Muslim Afghani Rapes 2-YEAR-OLD, Gets 2 Years in Prison Declares Himself Superstar Eagle Rising
A 22-year-old Muslim man from Afghanistan proudly declared that he was a superstar in Afghanistan after he sodomized and orally raped a 2-year-old boy. The worst part is that he was only charged with sexual assault and only sentenced to two years in prison. The UK s Express reports: Jama B., 22, showed no remorse as he was sentenced to just two years and four months behind bars on the milder charge of sexual abuse of the four-year-old boy at the centre in Boostedt, Schleswig-Holstein. The toddler, from Iraq, was lured into a toilet cubicle at the home in March this year. The court heard the Afghani forced his penis into the child s mouth. Afterwards the distraught youngster was returned to his father with his trousers down around his ankles. During the trial Jama B. boasted: I m a superstar in Afghanistan, a singer. Judge Stefan Becker refused to comment on the verdict but Peter Boysen, the lawyer who represented the family of the child, said: it was a one-off act that did not take very long and hopefully will not have harmful long-term effects on the child. Therefore there is no reason to complain, even if the sentence could have been maybe half a year longer. I have not therefore advised the parents to appeal against the verdict. He s better again, the boy, but is still in therapeutic treatment of a child and adolescent psychiatrist. Jama showed absolutely no remorse for his crime. A second man, Sohrab S., 29, allegedly stood guard outside the toilet during the assault, which was really rape. He was acquitted for lack of evidence. Prosecutor Axel Bieler said, Rape charges are brought only if it was enforced with violence or the threat of violence. We do not assume this was the case. Therefore he was indicted on a charge of serious sexual abuse. The penalty doesn t matter it is between two and 15 years in jail for rape or for serious sexual abuse. Say what? How about the fact that it was forced and that it was upon a child? What kind of mind does Axel Bieler have? I can tell you it is not a critically thinking judicial mind for sure. Karin Witt is not better. The spokeswoman of the Kiel court said, The court found no reasons for an increased penalty, such as for example a criminal record for the accused. The fact that he was under the influence of alcohol and the high sensitivity towards detention of the offender were both factors in the sentence, she added. He is young, knows no German and has already been attacked in pre-trial detention. The victim has also dealt well with the experience of what happened to him and there are no serious consequences to be expected. What s even worse is the comments by the family s attorney. It was a one-off act that did not take very long and hopefully will not have harmful long-term effects on the child, Peter Boysen said. Therefore there is no reason to complain, even if the sentence could have been maybe half a year longer. I have not therefore advised the parents to appeal against the verdict. He s better again, the boy, but is still in therapeutic treatment of a child and adolescent psychiatrist. Really, Mr. Boysen? How about if this was your little boy? Would you still have the same cold-hearted response at this crime? I think not. Germans were outraged at the charges and the sentencing. The incredible verdict of the prosecutor and the court, wrote the Bild am Sonntag newspaper. This is the verdict that shames you all. People continuing to make excuses for criminal sexual crimes, especially for those who are most innocent among us are a part of the larger problem. Allowing the foreign god of Islam in what was once a Christian country is problematic enough. Excusing the pagans that practice the ideology of Muhammad and engaging in these kinds of crimes is just adding fuel to the fire. Don t think it won t be happening in the united States either. Our own military kicked out Sgt. Charles Martlandfor defending a boy that was raped in Afghanistan and told other members of our military to keep silent about such abuses. Do you really think our representatives are going to stand up for the children when they ve allowed them to be slaughtered by the millions? I think not. In a biblical society, this man would have been put to death, and rightly so. The views expressed in this opinion article are solely those of their author and are not necessarily either shared or endorsed by EagleRising.com
Trump needles Clinton: Sleep well Hillary see you at the debate!
Donald Trump mocked Hillary Clinton's planes and needled her for "taking the day off." | Getty Trump needles Clinton: Sleep well Hillary see you at the debate! Hillary Clinton is a copycat who s probably sleeping because she needs to rest, Donald Trump suggested Tuesday. In a pair of tweets bookended by a post announcing two big rallies in North Carolina, Trump accused the Democratic presidential nominee of copying my airplane and continued his assault over her stamina, or alleged lack thereof. Story Continued Below Do people notice Hillary is copying my airplane rallies she puts the plane behind her like I have been doing from the beginning, Trump mused in a tweet Tuesday morning. Hillary Clinton is taking the day off again, she needs the rest, he added minutes later. Sleep well Hillary see you at the debate! Trump s critical comments come shortly after Clinton warned voters during a radio interview with Steve Harvey, The next 50 days will determine the next 50 years. Clinton also previewed what she expects from Trump in Monday's presidential debate in New York, telling Harvey she will do her very best to communicate as clearly and fearlessly as I can in the face of the insults and the attacks and the bullying and bigotry that we ve seen coming from my opponent. You know, I can take it, Steve. I can take that kind of stuff, she added. I ve been at this and, you know, I understand it s a contact sport. Trump also attacked Clinton earlier Tuesday, questioning her effectiveness against the Islamic State as head of the State Department. Crooked Hillary has been fighting ISIS, or whatever she has been doing, for years, he said. Now she has new ideas. It is time for change. Clinton has no public events planned for Tuesday and has opted to stay at home in Chappaqua, New York, as she prepares for the debate with Trump. She had a full campaign schedule on Monday between holding a news conference in White Plains, New York, a campaign speech and a fundraiser in Philadelphia, and three meetings with foreign leaders in New York City. She is scheduled to return to Florida for a campaign rally and fundraiser on Wednesday. Gabriel Debenedetti contributed to this report. Authors:
TRUTH COMES OUT! Keith Lamont Scott's Did This To His Wife Last Year and She Said "He is a Killer" Freedom Daily
2.1k SHARES Facebook Twitter For the past week rioters have been wrecking havok all across Charlotte. The riots are in response to the police shooting of Keith Lamont Scott, which has been cited as just the latest example of an unarmed black man killed by racist police brutality. Scott s wife, who filmed the shooting, told police that he wasn t armed and was only carrying a book. As usual, the shooting happened under circumstances much more murky than those citing this as an unjustified act of police violence would like to admit. There was in fact a gun recovered at the scene, and there was a holster on Scott s leg spotted in the police dash-cam footage. Those citing this as yet another proof that police are racist should know that the officer who shot Scott was black himself, so race was not a motivating factor in the shooting. As it turns out, Scott has a history of violence, and there s no reason to think he wouldn t have used his firearm if he had the chance. As Bearing Arms reported: Rakeyia Scott s cry to CMPD officers that her husband, Keith Lamont Scott, did not own a gun even as he brandished a gun in front of them now appears to be a calculated lie, according to Rakeyia Scott. On Oct. 5, a Gaston County District Court judge granted his wife a temporary restraining order. The court order told Scott not to go near his wife, three of their children and the children s schools. He was not allowed near their Gastonia apartment they d called home since April 2014, according to court documents. He was told to turn over a black 9mm handgun he owned illegally. Eleven days later, Rakeyia Scott voluntarily dismissed the order against her husband, writing, He is no longer a threat to me and my family. But three days before she got the order, Keith Scott had kicked her, punched their 8-year-old in the head three times and threatened to kill her with the gun, she had written. He said he is a killer and we should know that, she wrote. She said the man she d been married to since she was 18 did not have a gun permit and was a felon, having been incarcerated from April 2004 to April 2011. She checked a box saying her husband had threatened her with the gun before. The Scott family is now trying to claim that the head injuries suffered by Scott left him a changed man, and yet, he was still an armed felon, brandishing a gun, if not threatening with her at this time. Yeah OK. Scott s wife told officers he didn t own a firearm during the altercation, which was clearly a lie, and one that could ve gotten them killed. While rioters destroy Charlotte, they re doing so over a man who could ve killed those officers, and had a wife that he himself once threatened would ve been an accomplice to their murders.
Trump Won t Tell America Where His Products Are Made, So Here s A Handy Guide (IMAGES)
Donald Trump constantly talks about how he ll make America great again. He ll bring jobs back, put America first, all that populist, nationalist jazz that put him in the position of being the Republican nominee in the first place. However, there s one thing Trump can do to help Americans get more jobs: he can actually make his own products in the United States of America. Well, since Trump won t readily make his manufacturing practices available to the American public on his own campaign website, Hillary has given us a handy guide complete with images, on hers. She calls it A Buyer s Guide For Donald Trump. While Donald Trump says that it s very hard to have apparel made in this country, or they don t even make the stuff here. It s so hard to get. Hillary proves him wrong right away. Here is a handy map of where Trump can get all of his things made, right here in America, courtesy of HillaryClinton.com: Hillary then goes ahead to list the individual categories on this map, complete with lists of places that each kind of product can be made. For instance, here s all the places Trump can make ties: Instead, he makes them in China. And that is just one example. Go to Hillary s website for a full list. In other words, Trump s rhetoric is just that: bluster and bombaste for the sake of excusing his anti-American business practices. If Trump wants to bring jobs back to America, he can start with his own companies. Thanks for the handy guide, Hillary! No doubt Trump will never read it. Featured image via Sara D. Davis/Getty Images
Black Caucus marches to DOJ to protest shootings
Reps. John Lewis (D-Ga.), Brenda Lawrence (D-Mich.), Maxine Waters (D-Calif.) and Cedric Richmond (D-La.), along with other members of the Congressional Black Caucus, hold a news conference after marching to the Department of Justice on Thursday. | Getty Black Caucus marches to DOJ to protest shootings More than a dozen members of the Congressional Black Caucus marched down to the Department of Justice midday to demand federal intervention to stymie police shootings of unarmed African-Americans. "The killing of unarmed black men and women by police is a crisis," said Rep. Maxine Waters (D-Calif.). Story Continued Below The letter calls on Lynch to aggressively pursue investigations, indictments and prosecutions through the Office of Civil Rights against any and all law enforcement officers who harm or kill innocent, unarmed black men, women and children. CBC members said it s also time for Congress to act. We are going to make sure that we push for legislation so we re going to be calling on [House Speaker] Paul Ryan to come up with some legislation that we can work on and put forward to change this. But in the meanwhile, we want the attorney general to utilize her powers, Rep. Gregory Meeks (D-N.Y.). But other lawmakers said the proposals are already out there, they just need a push from leadership. "A lot of what we need has already been drafted, mostly by members of this caucus," said Rep. Cedric Richmond (D-La.), specifically mentioning criminal justice reform and police accountability legislation. Ryan (R-Wis.) said earlier this week he still hopes to pass criminal justice reform in the lame duck. I think people have lost trust, they ve lost hope in some instances, said Charlotte Rep. Alma Adams (D), who flew back from North Carolina this morning. They see hope here with the attorney general and they want her to step in to use her power to make sure people are treated fairly and there is some justice and there is some transparency, she added. The members didn t actually walk all the way from the Capitol to DOJ headquarters, which is about a mile away. Instead, lawmakers boarded a bus at the Capitol and disembarked about two blocks from DOJ, walking the rest of the way. Authors:
Trump Silent As Police Credit A Sikh Immigrant With Capturing NYC Bomber
55.6k SHARES SHARE THIS STORY Once again, Donald Trump and the Republican Party s fear-mongering about immigrants is proven false. Ever since an improvised explosive device injured 29 in Chelsea, New York City, Trump and his goons have revived one of their favorite talking points vilifying Syrian refugees. These attacks and many others were made possible because of our extremely open immigration system, which fails to properly vet and screen the individuals or families coming into our country yelled Trump at one of his notorious hate-rallies on September 19th. He later went on FOX News and in one broad stroke, painted all immigrants with outrageous hyperbole: Think of it, Hillary Clinton wants to allow hundreds of thousands of these same people that are, you know, they have such hatred and sickness in their heart. It s sickness, and it s hatred, and she wants to allow hundreds of thousands more to come in. In fact, Mr. Trump, the truth is the bombing was committed by a naturalized American citizen and authorities caught the suspect thanks to a Sikh immigrant, Harinder Bains. He is the owner of the bar in whose doorway Ahmad Rahami decided to take a nap in. When Bains saw the man s face on CNN, he did what any responsible citizen would do. He called the cops. I did what I think every American would have done. My neighbor would have done the same thing. Any Jewish, Christian, Sikh, Muslim. Anybody would have done the same thing I m from Sikh faith. I ve been taught always stand up against the atrocities, any kind of persecution said Bains to CNN s Chris Cuomo. He s absolutely right because our nation is a nation of immigrants. All of our forefathers are immigrants who colonized this land and committed genocide against the native peoples. Nobody has any more or less of a right to be here than everyone else, and picking on Syrian refugees because they re Muslims fleeing chlorine gas and barrel bombs is the lowest of the low. Our nation has accepted ten thousand refugees from Syria, a paltry number of the 4.6 milion Syrians that have been displaced by the horrifying violence of the Syrian Civil War. None of them have been connected to any domestic terrorist attacks in the United States. The chance of being killed by a refugee in a terrorist attack is 1 in 3.6 billion; you are at much more danger from your own countrymen and their firearms. Mr. Bains actions reaffirm the notion that unity and welcome are our greatest assets. When immigrants feel accepted by a community, it becomes their community and they will work just as hard to defend it as anyone would. For instance, the Orlando shooter was reported to the FBI by an immigrant at his local mosque after he discovered evidence of Mateen s radicalization; racist Trump supporters repaid him by burning his house of worship to the ground. Mr. Trump and his campaign s racist rhetoric only serves to drive us apart and puts us in more danger. He is the real threat to America not refugee or immigrants. Add your name to millions demanding that Congress take action on the President s crimes. IMPEACH DONALD TRUMP!
Clinton on Trump's birther claim: A 'racist lie'
"He has a long record of engaging in racist behavior," Hillary Clinton said of Donald Trump. | Getty Clinton on Trump's birther claim: A 'racist lie' Donald Trump defended his long-running questioning of President Barack Obama's birthplace during Monday's presidential debate, while Hillary Clinton called it a "racist lie" that "can't be dismissed that easily." During a segment on racial healing, Trump repeatedly praised himself for pushing the president to produce his long-form birth certificate in 2011. The document proved Obama was born in Hawaii. Story Continued Below "I think I did a great job and a great service not only for the country but even for the president in getting him to produce his birth certificate," Trump said. As moderator Lester Holt tried to ask Trump what he would say to Americans worried about the racial dimensions of birtherism, Trump cut off the question and said: "I say nothing, because I was able to get him to produce it." The Republican nominee also insisted that it was Clinton associates who first tried to peddle false rumors that Obama was born in Kenya. He further pointed to Clinton's tough Democratic primary clash with Obama in the 2008 presidential race in claiming that she had treated the president with disrespect. Clinton used the exchange to raise reports of how, back in the 1970s, some of Trump's properties were sued for racial discrimination because they would not rent apartments to African Americans. "He has a long record of engaging in racist behavior. And the birther lie was a very hurtful one," Clinton said. "Barack Obama is a man of great dignity. And I could tell how much it bothered him and annoyed him is that this was being touted and used against him." Trump retorted by saying his company had settled "the suit with zero -- no admission of guilt." He also insisted that he's formed strong relationships with African Americans "over the last little while." Authors:
When does early voting start in every state?
In total, 37 states and the District of Columbia will allow early voting in 2016. | AP Photo When does early voting start in every state? Voting has already started in a scattering of locations, and entire states will be able to vote starting Friday. Election Day is more than a month away, but voters are already casting ballots to pick their next president. Voting opened on Monday in Wisconsin Rapids, Wisconsin, making the town's voters among the first in the nation to do so. So far, voting is limited to a smattering of counties and municipalities in states that allow local governments to set their own schedules. On Friday, however, voters statewide in South Dakota and Minnesota will be allowed to cast early ballots. And other states are joining soon: New Jersey starts early voting on Saturday, and Vermont plans to start early voting as soon as the ballots are ready. (State rules say no later than Saturday.) Story Continued Below In total, 37 states and the District of Columbia will allow early voting in 2016. Some of those states allow voters to request mail ballots and send them in, while others open physical polling places weeks or even months before the election. In the 2012 presidential election, approximately 30 percent of the votes cast came via mail or early balloting, meaning many voters will weigh in before the candidates have had a chance to make their closing case. Typically, Democrats lead in early voting, especially in-person early voting, because their voters are not as likely to go out to the polls as Republicans, said Michael McDonald, an election expert and associate professor at the University of Florida. The GOP, however, tends to make up ground through mail in absentee ballots, McDonald said. Here s when early voting begins in each state. (Note, the below dates represent the earliest date that voters statewide can send for a ballot or vote in person without a special exemption.) Alabama There s no universal early voting in Alabama, as voters need a state-approved excuse to vote absentee. Alaska Oct. 24. Arizona Oct. 12. Local counties are still finalizing the locations where voters can vote in-person, but ballots for mail-in voting begin going out on the 12th. Arkansas Oct. 24. California Early voting opening dates are set by the county/municipality. Oct. 10 is the first day to vote early in Los Angeles County. Colorado Oct. 24. Connecticut There is no early voting in Connecticut, as voters need a state-approved excuse to vote absentee. District of Columbia Oct. 22 at One Judiciary Square, Oct. 29 for all other locations . Delaware There is no early voting in Delaware, as voters need a state-approved excuse to vote absentee. Florida All counties are required to allow voting from Oct. 29 to Nov. 5. Some have the option to start earlier. Georgia Oct. 17. Voters can sign up for an absentee ballot starting Sept. 20. Hawaii Oct. 25. Idaho Sept. 23. Counties must send out absentee ballot requests no later than the 23rd, but are allowed to offer early voting. Early voting opening dates are set by the county/municipality. Illinois Sept. 29 to Nov. 7. Starting Sept. 29, voters can only cast their ballots at their local election authority or a temporary location, but early voting expands to permanent polling places starting Oct. 24. Indiana Oct. 12. Early voting starts at the local county election board office or another designated location, but with an excuse, voters can cast a ballot by mail. Iowa Sept. 29. Kansas Oct. 19. Counties are allowed to set earlier extended early voting dates. Kentucky There is no early voting in Kentucky, unless voters have a state-approved excuse to vote absentee. Louisiana Oct. 25 to Nov. 1. Maine Oct. 9 is the general opening date, but the state allows you to vote as soon as the ballots are printed, and some people have already cast their ballots. Maryland Oct. 27 to Nov. 3. Massachusetts Oct. 24 to Nov. 4. Michigan There is no early voting in Michigan, as voters require a state-approved excuse to vote absentee. Minnesota Sept. 23. Mississippi There is no early voting in Mississippi, as voters need a state-approved excuse to vote absentee. Missouri There is no early voting in Missouri, as voters need a state-approved excuse to vote absentee. Montana In-person early voting begins as soon as ballots are ready, which is expected to be around Oct. 11. Nebraska Oct. 3. The counties mail out requests starting on the 3rd, but the first day to vote early in-person is Oct. 7. Nevada Oct. 22. New Hampshire There is no early voting in New Hampshire, unless voters have a state-approved excuse to vote absentee. New Jersey Sept. 24. In-person early voting may begin sooner (it starts as soon as ballots are available), but mail-in ballots are sent out beginning on the 24th. New Mexico Oct. 11 to Nov. 5. Voters can apply for an absentee ballot on Oct. 11, but starting on the 22nd they can vote early in person. New York There is no early voting in New York, as voters require a state-approved excuse to vote absentee. North Carolina Sept. 9, Oct. 20 to Nov. 5. Absentee ballots have already been sent out, but the formal early voting period does not start until October. North Dakota Sept. 29. Absentee and mail ballots can be sent out by county officials starting on the 29th, but the exact date might vary from one location to the next. Ohio Oct. 12. Oklahoma Nov. 3 to Nov. 5. Oregon Oct. 19. Pennsylvania There is no early voting in Pennsylvania, as voters need a state-approved excuse to vote absentee. Rhode Island There is no early voting in Rhode Island, unless voters have a state-approved excuse to vote absentee. South Carolina There is no early voting in South Carolina, unless voters have a state-approved excuse to vote absentee. The state does, however, give voters more absentee leeway than many. South Dakota Sept. 23. Tennessee Oct. 19 to Nov. 3. Texas Oct. 24 to Nov. 4. Utah Oct. 25 to Nov. 4. Virginia There is no early voting in Virginia, unless voters have a state-approved excuse to vote absentee. Vermont Sept. 23 to Nov. 7. Early voting could start before the 23rd, but it will not begin any later than that date . Washington Oct. 21. Some voters may receive their ballot earlier, but this is the latest counties can mail them out. West Virginia Oct. 26 to Nov. 5. Wisconsin Early voting opening dates are set by the county/municipality. Wisconsin Rapids began voting Sept. 19. Wyoming Sept. 23 to Nov. 7. Authors:
Rep. Peter King: We shouldn't be 'pandering' to political correctness
Rep. Peter King: We shouldn't be 'pandering' to political correctness New York Rep. Peter King rejected former Secretary of State Hillary Clinton s focus on the need for law enforcement to do a better job of building trust with American Muslims. Instead, the 11-term congressman called for more surveillance within the community. I disagree with her when she puts the emphasis on building trust with the Muslim community, they have no reason not to trust the police, King said on MSNBC shortly after Clinton answered questions from the press on the weekend s bombing in Manhattan. Story Continued Below King is not new to this topic. His insistence to hold hearings on homegrown radicalization within Islam drew comparisons to Sen. Joseph McCarthy s infamous communist witch hunt. (King has said he considers such attacks on him a "badge of honor.") As she has before, Clinton called for an intelligence surge to thwart ISIL s efforts to inspire terror, but cautioned against a broader offensive against a faith. But the only way to gather such intelligence, King said, is to step up surveillance. So listen, it's not going to be the handshake of a friendship that's going to bring Muslim Americans outside, King said. To get more intelligence, you have to do that by surveillance, by undercovers. That s what has been done with every other ethnic group in this country when there is crime, whether it's the Westies and the Irish, whether it s the Italians and the mafia, that's how you do it. We shouldn't be pandering to political correctness." Authors:
28-year-old man sought in Manhattan blast
Ahmad Khan Rahami is pictured in an undated photo provided by the FBI. | AP Photo 28-year-old man sought in Manhattan blast NEW YORK Police released a photo of a 28-year-old immigrant wanted for questioning Monday in bombings that rocked a Manhattan neighborhood and a New Jersey shore town, and New York's governor and mayor said the blasts are looking increasingly like an act of terrorism with a foreign connection. Ahmad Khan Rahami, a naturalized U.S. citizen from Afghanistan with an address in Elizabeth, New Jersey, should be considered armed and dangerous, New York City Mayor Bill de Blasio said in one of a series of TV appearances just minutes after the photo was released. Story Continued Below In addition to the blast in Manhattan's Chelsea neighborhood on Saturday, a pipe bomb exploded in a New Jersey shore town before a charity 5K race and an unexploded pressure cooker device was found blocks away from the explosion site in Chelsea. On Sunday, five explosive devices were discovered at an Elizabeth train station. New Jersey State Police said Monday, citing the FBI, that the bombings in Chelsea and the New Jersey shore town Seaside Park were connected. No one was injured in the Jersey blast. New York Gov. Andrew Cuomo said as investigators gathered information they learned there were "certain commonalities among the bombs," leading authorities to believe "that there was a common group behind the bombs." "We want to get this guy in for questioning," de Blasio said on CNN. "We need the facts to be able to piece all this together. ... I think we're going to know a lot more in the course of the day. Things are moving very quickly." Early Monday, FBI agents swarmed an apartment above a fried chicken restaurant in Elizabeth that's tied to Rahami. The activity came hours after one of five devices found at the nearby Elizabeth train station exploded while a bomb squad robot attempted to disarm it. No one was injured. Saturday night's blast in the bustling Chelsea neighborhood injured 29 people, and another unexploded device made out of pressure cooker was found several blocks away. In the immediate aftermath of that bombing, de Blasio and Cuomo were careful to say there was no evidence of a link to international terrorism. Both said Monday that appears to be changing. "The more we learn with each passing hour, is it looks more like terrorism," de Blasio said in a later interview on NY1 News. Cuomo, in a separate interview on MSNBC, said: "Today's information suggests it may be foreign related but we'll see where it goes. ... My operating premise is anytime, anywhere, seven days a week you could have an incident like this." The White House said President Barack Obama was briefed throughout the night and early Monday on the investigation into bombs found in New York City and New Jersey. Spokesman Josh Earnest said Obama will comment publicly later Monday. On Sunday night, FBI agents in Brooklyn stopped "a vehicle of interest" in the investigation of the Manhattan explosion, according to FBI spokeswoman Kelly Langmesser. She wouldn't provide further details, but a government official and a law enforcement official who were briefed on the investigation told The Associated Press that five people in the car were being questioned at an FBI building in Manhattan. The officials spoke on condition of anonymity because they were not authorized to talk about the ongoing investigation. No one has been charged, and the investigation is continuing, Langmesser said. Cuomo, touring the site of Saturday's blast in Chelsea, said the unexploded pressure cooker device appeared "similar in design" to the bomb that exploded in Chelsea. On Sunday, a federal law enforcement official said the Chelsea bomb contained a residue of Tannerite, an explosive often used for target practice that can be picked up in many sporting goods stores. The discovery of Tannerite may be important as authorities probe whether the two New York City devices and the pipe bomb at the Jersey shore are connected. Cellphones were discovered at the site of both bombings, but no Tannerite residue was identified in the New Jersey bomb remnants, in which a black powder was detected, said the official, who wasn't authorized to comment on an ongoing investigation and spoke to the AP on condition of anonymity. The pipe bomb exploded Saturday in Seaside Park, New Jersey, before a charity 5K race to benefit Marines and sailors. The race was canceled and no one was injured. The bombings in New York City and New Jersey happened the same day that a man stabbed and injured nine people at a Minnesota mall before an off-duty police officer fatally shot him. The St. Cloud police chief said the man reportedly made at least one reference to Allah and asked a victim if he or she was Muslim before attacking. The Islamic State group has claimed responsibility. Authors:
Trump Campaign Chair Says Racism Didn't Exist Before Obama In Viral Rant
24.8k SHARES SHARE THIS STORY Republican nominee Donald Trump s Ohio chairwoman recently took it upon herself to prove to the world just how delusional the right-wing in America really is when Kathy Miller told reporters that racism in America didn t exist until President Obama. I don t think there was any racism until Obama got elected. We never had problems like this Now, with the people with the guns, and shooting up neighborhoods, and not being responsible citizens, that s a big change, and I think that s the philosophy that Obama has perpetuated on America. Growing up as a kid, there was no racism, believe me. We were just all kids going to school. This perfectly illustrates how the right-wing digs their mental bogs of ignorance blame Obama for literally everything; absolve self/race/identity group of all responsibility, then construct pleasant fantasy. Supporting her candidate s constant efforts to sabotage what little support he has within the African-American community, she then went on to say that black Americans are responsible for the decades of their socioeconomic disenfranchisement by saying that if you re black and you haven t been successful in the last 50 years, it s your own fault. You ve had every opportunity, it was given to you. You ve had the same schools everybody else went to. You had benefits to go to college that white kids didn t have. You had all the advantages and didn t take advantage of it. It s not our fault, certainly. To put a big white cherry on this perverse cake of racism, she then felt the need to add that the Black Lives Matter movement is a stupid waste of time and that low voter turnout is probably related to how black Americans were raised. In one fell swoop, this woman has erased four hundred years of slavery, segregation and the Jim Crow era, the widespread lynchings of black Americans by radical Christian terrorist organizations like the Ku Klux Klan, the ghettoization of the inner cities, mass incarceration and the War On Drugs, and the wholesale slaughter of black Americans by law enforcement from the record. Instead, she is blaming the only black president our nation has ever had, when in reality it was his election that brought all the racism to the surface. She is echoing sentiments shared by a large portion of the American population which has been either brainwashed by media narratives or too ignorant know any better, but it shows just how large a divide we face in try to engage with people so entirely divorced from reality. When the daft old woman was informed that this might sound offensive to some people, she replied I don t care, it s the truth. The Trump campaign in a nutshell, ladies and gentlemen. UPDATE: Kathy Miller has resigned her from her position with the Trump campaign and has issued an apology. It should be noted the Trump campaign has yet to apologize for anything this campaign season. Watch it here her remarks begin at 4:40: Add your name to millions demanding that Congress take action on the President s crimes. IMPEACH DONALD TRUMP!
Christie among the most unpopular governors in the country, poll finds
Gov. Chris Christie greets residents at a gathering in Camden, N.J. | AP Photo/Mel Evans Christie among the most unpopular governors in the country, poll finds Gov. Chris Christie has the third-worst approval ratings of any governor in the country, according to a poll released Tuesday. According to Morning Consult, New Jersey voters give Christie a 29 percent approval rating and 68 percent disapproval rating. That's down from a 36 percent approval rating in the spring, and not far behind the two worst ranked governors. Story Continued Below Republican Sam Brownback of Kansas fares the worst, with a 23 percent approval rating and 71 percent disapproval rating. Democrat Dan Malloy of Connecticut has a 26 percent approval rating and a 70 percent disapproval rating. The numbers in the Morning Consult poll are actually slightly better for Christie than a Rutgers-Eagleton poll released Monday, which showed 26 percent of voters approving of his job performance and 69 percent disapproving, while just 23 percent said they had a favorable opinion of the governor. Both surveys were conducted before the Bridgegate trial got underway on Monday a spectacle that has already proven embarrassing for Christie amid the prosecution's claims that he knew of the George Washington Bridge access lane closings as they happened. There is a potential consolation for Christie in the Morning Consult poll. Two Republicans he helped elect in blue states against long odds as chairman of the Republican Governors Association are among the most popular in the country. Massachusetts Gov. Charlie Baker and Maryland Gov. Larry Hogan both have 70 percent approval ratings and disapproval ratings of 18 percent and 17 percent, respectively. Only Republican South Dakota Gov. Dennis Daugaard is more popular, with a 74 percent approval rating. The margin of error for the New Jersey poll results is plus or minus 2 percentage points. Authors:
Donald Trump, Hillary Clinton Spar Over Taxes in First Presidential Debate
When Hillary Clinton attacked Donald Trump for not releasing his tax returns and allegedly paying zero in federal income taxes, the Republican presidential nominee had just four words to say in response. That makes me smart, Trump said from the debate stage at Hofstra University tonight. He has said repeatedly he is being audited by the IRS and cannot release his tax statements until the review is concluded. But during the first general-election presidential debate, in Hempstead, New York, the real estate mogul vowed to release his tax returns against my lawyer s wishes if Clinton releases emails she deleted from a private server she used while she was secretary of state. As soon as she releases her 33,000 e-mails that have been deleted, as soon as she releases them, Trump said tonight, amid cheers and applause, I will release my tax returns. The White House hopefuls also clashed repeatedly over their tax plans during the debate, with Clinton accusing Trump of proposing the most extreme version of trickle-down economics. The biggest tax cuts for the top percent of the people in county than we ve ever had, the Democratic presidential nominee said from the stage. I call it trumped-up trickle-down because that s exactly what it would be. That is not how we grow the economy. Before Trump had a chance to defend his tax policy, Clinton took another jab. Donald was very fortunate in his life and that's all to his benefit, she continued. He started his business with $14 million, borrowed from his father, and he really believes that the more you help wealthy people, the better off we'll be and that everything will work out from there. I don't buy that. Trump, who released his tax plan earlier this month, has proposed tax cuts across the board, including income tax reductions for the top 1 percent and eliminating federal estate tax as well as gift taxes. Meanwhile, Clinton has called for tax hikes for the wealthiest Americans and closing corporate loopholes that allow the rich to evade some tariffs. Trump fired back, blaming politicians like Secretary Clinton for plunging the nation into debt. We re a debtor nation, he said. We have a country that needs new roads, new tunnels, new bridges, new airports, new schools, new hospitals. And we don t have the money because it s been squandered on so many of your ideas. Clinton suggested that Trump s alleged failure to pay federal income tax might also be part of the problem. But Trump quickly argued any taxes he would have paid would have gone to waste. It would be squandered too, believe me, he said. ABC News' Nicole Phillip, Maggie McNish and Sunny Choo contributed to this report.
Look What Was Just SPOTTED Inside The Student Center At Hofstra University
Tonight s debate is at Hofstra University in Hempstead, New York. This will be the third presidential debate hosted by the university, so you d think students would be used to this sort of thing. Guess I was wrong. Look what a CBS News reporter found in the student center: Sign inside Student Center at Hofstra. I guess these are common now on college campuses? #TriggerWarning pic.twitter.com/gfRkKVtToM Tony Aiello (@AielloTV) September 26, 2016 Yep. A trigger warning. Young adults actually require trigger warnings ahead of presidential debates now. They HAVE to be warned that they might hear some ideas that they GASP! disagree with. Some of the debate topics are super scary OMG! I wonder how many students will miss school tomorrow. Donald Trump s presence may induce vomiting and cause mass panic attacks. Quick! Someone grab the smelling salts! If you require a trigger warning ahead of a presidential debate, you re too much of a child to vote. Period. h/t The Right Scoop
Early Voting In North Carolina Shows GREAT NEWS For Democrats
Early voting has begun in the battleground state of North Carolina, and after months of contentious litigation, it s clear why Republicans wanted to squash it: returns are showing Democrats with an eight point advantage over Republicans. Data analysis from TargetSmart (who partnered with NBC News) shows that of the 4,000 plus presidential ballots that have been cast, 42 percent come from registered Democrats, 34 percent from Republicans, 25 percent from unaffiliated, and 1 percent from Libertarians. Contrast that to 2012, when Mitt Romney won North Carolina by two percent: in early voting that year in that state, Republicans held a five percent lead. Now Democrats hold an eight percent lead. In 2008, when President Obama won (by a slim margin of 0.33 percent), Democrats had an 11 point advantage. In 2004, Democrats had an 11 point advantage, but Kerry lost to Bush by 13 percent. So while it s not set in stone that whoever accumulates the most early votes wins, the last two elections (in which early voting has increased tremendously) shows that is the case. Nate Silver s FiveThirtyEight currently gives Clinton a 43 percent chance of winning North Carolina (and a 62 percent chance of winning the election overall). Clinton s chances have gone up almost five percent in the last week, with one reason being a strong showing for Democrats in early voting. The New York Times election model gives Clinton a 48 percent chance of winning North Carolina. Again, no wonder Governor Pat McCory, who is currently losing his re-election bid, and the GOP legislature wanted to do away with it. When Democrats get a head start, that usually means good news in November. Democrats shouldn t get too comfortable. Although early voting points to a Democratic-leaning result, Republicans could very well (and chances are great) benefit from in person voting on November 8. President Obama never overcame Romney in the polls in the weeks leading up to the election, almost all the polls for the month of September favored Obama. With 45 days left until the election, anything can happen, so Democrats need to continue to mobilize, register, and get out the vote for not just early ballots, but for November 8. Rachel Maddow broke down the facts on her show: Featured image via Justin Sullivan/Getty Images
Cop Dies From Tuberculosis After Suspect Spat At Her
A Ukraine policewoman is dead after contracting tuberculosis from a suspect that spat in her face. Arina Koltsova, 35, was arresting a man on New Year s Day when the suspect spat in her face, the Daily Mail reported. She didn t know the man had tuberculosis at the time. Koltsova went untreated for some time until she collapsed at work one day. She was then diagnosed with tuberculosis and started treatment. Popular Video This young teenage singer was shocked when Keith Urban invited her on stage at his concert. A few moments later, he made her wildest dreams come true. She became ill after New Year's Day, Her on-duty partner, Officer Mikhail Kindrakevich, told the Daily Mail. She had arrested this guy and he spat in her face. Some time later she collapsed. She had received treatment. She underwent chemotherapy, she was fed food through an IV drip and she had lost a lot of weight Koltsova died on July 25. She was buried in Kiev two days later. This is an irreplaceable loss for the whole of Kiev police, fond memories of Arina will remain in our hearts forever, Koltsova s police department wrote on its social media page. Popular Video This young teenage singer was shocked when Keith Urban invited her on stage at his concert. A few moments later, he made her wildest dreams come true: Arina wanted to change something for our country, wrote one of her friends. Joining the police was a conscious choice, she wanted to change things for better. According to the National Institutes of Health, tuberculosis can be treated by taking antibiotics six to 12 months. Some cases can be drug-resistant and are not easily treated. It is unclear if Koltsova had a drug-resistant form of tuberculosis or if she was not diagnosed quickly enough for effective treatment. It is unclear if the suspect will be charged in Koltsova s death.
UK Begins Construction On Great Wall Meant to Keep Illegal Migrants OUT (VIDEO)
UK Begins Construction On Great Wall Meant to Keep Illegal Migrants OUT (VIDEO) The United Kingdom began construction on what is being called their great wall near the border at Calais, France. The wall is being built to prevent illegal migrants from jumping onto vehicles preparing to cross the English Channel. The wall will cost an estimated two million pounds about $2.5 million and will be approximately 13 feet high. There is a nearby migrant camp called the Jungle that has been attacking vehicles in an attempt to climb aboard lorries and cars in order to enter the United Kingdom. The wall will be made out of concrete, which is more difficult to climb and will be extended by fences. 101 Things All Young Adults Should Know by Sir John Hawkins John Hawkins's book 101 Things All Young Adults Should Know is filled with lessons that newly minted adults need in order to get the most out of life. Gleaned from a lifetime of trial, error, and writing it down, Hawkins provides advice everyone can benefit from in short, digestible chapters. Buy Now The Jungle now has more than 10,000 migrants and it has become a hotspot for violence. Police have called that area of Calais a no-go zone after dark, due to the endemic violence in the area. The migrants have been known to cause car crashes, leave debris on the road, thrown rocks off of bridges and started fires. They have also physically attacked drivers with bats, stabbed them with knives and even threatened people with chainsaws. It is these attacks that encouraged Calais port chief executive Jean-Marc Puissesseau to support the wall. This wall is going to prevent migrants from getting onto the road every night, he said. We can no longer continue to put up with these repeated assaults. Liberals in the United Kingdom predictably opposed the construction of the wall, comparing it to the policies of Donald Trump. However, they don t offer any other alternatives to deal with the problems. Thankfully, the British government, along with the French, are not going to allow this kind of violence to continue.
Donald Trump, Germany s disfavored son POLITICO
KALLSTADT, Germany Few places in Germany are as representative of the country s heartland as Kallstadt, the village in which U.S. Republican presidential candidate Donald Trump s grandfather was born and from which he was later deported. The hamlet of 1,200 people lies nestled among vineyard-covered hills, about an hour-and-a-half s drive southwest of Frankfurt. It has one bakery and one butcher. Every year, Kallstadt holds the Saumagenkerwe in celebration of the eponymous local delicacy: pig s stomach filled with pork, herbs, bratwurst and diced potatoes. Trump may have captured a large swath of the American electorate with his signature blend of populism, nativism and brazenness. And yet, in the hometown of his forefather, he remains distinctly unpopular. In fact, few politicians are less popular in Germany than Trump. A study by the Pew Research Center found out that only 6 percent of the country finds him trustworthy. Since a local newspaper discovered that Johannes Steiniger, a member of the German parliament, was distantly related to Trump, the 29-year-old has done all he can to distance himself from the presidential candidate. With his statements about gay people and foreigners, or with the language he uses, and with his derogative statements about Hillary Clinton, Trump seems to do everything he can so that we get a negative image of him, Steiniger tells POLITICO. Trump s rhetoric regarding immigrants and racial minorities is especially unpopular in Kallstadt. He stands for everything that s bad, says Sarah B hler, yelling to be heard over the 20-person brass band celebrating the Saumagenkerwe in the town s main square. B hler is a former local wine princess, the 2009 victor of a beauty pageant to promote the local wine industry. This year, a new dish appeared in the town s annual festival: Saumagen-D ner, a fusion of the local specialty with a Turkish kebab. Everyone is welcome to join us here, no matter what color they are, says B hler. Pink, purple, doesn t matter. Tanja Huber, the 24-year-old incumbent regional wine princess, nods her head in agreement. Since the prospect of a Trump presidency first became evident late last year, reporters have descended on Kallstadt, seeking a bit of local color, a quote or two, and perhaps some hometown pride. They don t get that we really don t give a damn about Trump, says Huber. He s never been here, and he apparently doesn t care about us, either. * * * Donald s grandfather, Friedrich Trump, was born in Kallstadt into a vintner s family on March 14, 1869. Previous generations of the Trump family used variant spellings of the name, including Trump, Dromb and Trumpff, according to local historians, or even Drumpf, according to a 2000 family history by Gwenda Blair; but by the time Friedrich was born they had settled on Trump. Germany did not yet exist as a nation; Kallstadt was part of the province of Palatinate in the Bavarian Kingdom. The region was going though rough times. Unemployment was high. Those who had the courage, left. Friedrich s father died when he was eight years old, and his mother struggled to make ends meet. At 16 years old, Friedrich decided to follow his sister Katharina, who had emigrated to the United States two years earlier. He arrived in New York on board the Eider on October 19, 1885. He entered the U.S. through official channels, but he had left Bavaria illegally. Both he and his mother must have known that he would not have been granted official permission to leave the country unless he had paid a bail guaranteeing that he would later return to do his mandatory military service, said Roland Paul, the recently-retired director of the Institute for Palatinate Regional History and Folklife Studies in the city of Kaiserslautern. According to documents uncovered by Paul, Friedrich was stripped of his Bavarian citizenship as his own request four years after arriving in the U.S. But Friedrich was not done with Palatinate. Seven years after his citizenship was withdrawn, he visited the land of his birth to attend the wedding of his sister, according to the 2000 family history by Blair. Five years after that, he returned once more to Kallstadt, where he met 20-year-old Elisabeth Christ; they were engaged, and Friedrich came back a third time to marry her in August 1902. But while the couple moved back to New York soon after the marriage and had a daughter, Friedrich had promised his wife that he would sell his property in the U.S. and return to the land of their birth. My grandmother said, I will marry you, but I will not go back to America with you, Donald Trump s American-born cousin John Walter told German filmmaker Simone Wendel in 2012. Friedrich seemed intent on keeping his promise. In 1904, he applied for permission to travel to Kallstadt. And although he claimed in his application that he intended to return to the United States within a year with the purpose of residing and performing the duties of citizenship therein, he took all his savings from the U.S. with him, according to Blair s family history. Back in Kallstadt, Friedrich attempted to get his citizenship back. But though he secured the support of local authorities, the district government put a halt to his plans. On February 27, 1905, a deportation notice was sent to the town office of Kallstadt declaring that Friedrich was to be told he has to leave Bavarian state territory by May 1 of this year, at the latest. Friedrich was able to obtain a three-month grace period because his daughter had fallen ill. But eventually, he and his wife pregnant once more had no choice but to board the ship Pennsylvania on July 1, 1905, and return to New York. Shortly after that, Donald s father, Fred Trump Junior, was born. [The authorities] said, You are not a German citizen, you gave up your citizenship, you have to leave, says Walter. So they left and they went back to America, and that s why Donald and I are here. Friedrich now named Frederick died in May 1918 of the Spanish flu. His widow survived her first husband by 48 years and visited Kallstadt many times during her life. * * * In February 2012, Simone Wendel, the German filmmaker from Kallstadt, was given an audience with Donald Trump. Roughly two years earlier, she had begun work on Kings of Kallstadt, a documentary about the two most famous sons of her tiny hometown: Donald Trump and Henry John Heinz, the inventor of Heinz Ketchup. For months, Wendel had tried to arrange a meeting with Trump, but his office had not replied to her letters. She was only able to secure a visit with the help of Walter, Trump s cousin, who had visited Kallstadt and seemed happy with the attention she was paying to the family history. On the day of her visit, Wendel stood nervously next to Walter in a conference room on one of Trump Tower s top floors. She had brought a Linzer torte and two bottles of wine with screw-on tops. Her plan was to sit down with Walter and Trump for coffee and cake, the traditional afternoon snack in her home region. But when she asked Trump s staff to make some coffee, the only reaction she got was irritated faces. His assistant just couldn t be bothered, she says. Hello, John, Trump said, when he entered the room, shaking his cousin s hand and looking confused at Wendel in her loose turtle neck and the lonely cake on the huge table in front of her. Trump sat down in front of a one-meter-long model of his Boeing 757-200 airliner and a panoramic window overlooking New York s Central Park. Wendel, trying to remedy the situation, pushed the cake in his direction and asked him to smell it. Afterwards, I just kept on thinking, What on earth did I do? she says. The cake looks really good, Trump said, and he and Wendel ended up talking for almost an hour. Until 1990, Trump still claimed his family was Swedish, a version of his family history first introduced by his father in reaction to the anti-German sentiment in the U.S. during the two World Wars. But by the time Wendel visited, he had become proud of his German roots. They grow them well in Kallstadt, he told her during their meeting. They grow them very well. Believe me. It s good stock. Wow, it s beautiful, Trump said when she handed him a picture of the house where his grandfather was born, an inconspicuous one-story building with a gable roof. That s fantastic. See how well-maintained it is? Everything is perfectly maintained. It s great. When their interview was over, Walter took Wendel on a tour of Trump Tower. On one of the floors, they ran into Trump s son, Eric Trump. Have you ever heard the word Kallstadt? Wendel asked him. Kallstadt? Trump Junior replied, No, what is it?
NFL Superstar Unleashes 4 Word Bombshell on Reporter Pushing Him to Protest Anthem
McCain Criticized Trump for Arpaio s Pardon Sheriff Joe Fires Perfect Response Joe Arpaio may not be in office any more, but that doesn't mean America's toughest sheriff has lost his step... check out how he eviscerated John McCain after McCain attacked Donald J. Trump for pardoning the Arizona lawman. Read more
Trump team talking to veteran GOP ad man Elsass
Talks of hiring Rex Elsass come as Donald Trump is getting walloped on the airwaves. | Getty Trump team talking to veteran GOP ad man Elsass Donald Trump s campaign, hoping to counter Hillary Clinton s air assault, is in talks with veteran GOP ad maker Rex Elsass, according to three sources familiar with the discussions. Elsass, according to one of the sources, met with Trump officials in New York City last week. Story Continued Below Elsass has deep connections to the Trump campaign. He previously served as a top strategist to vice presidential nominee Mike Pence, and in 2012 he worked with Trump campaign manager Kellyanne Conway for Missouri Senate candidate Todd Akin, who came under widespread criticism after making controversial remarks about rape. Elsass is a partner at Strategy Group for Media, a firm that has also counted Jim Murphy, Trump s national political director, as an employee. Trump s advertising campaign has been led by Jamestown, a prominent political consulting firm with an anti-establishment edge. Two Jamestown employees, Jason Miller and Larry Weitzner, have taken senior roles in the campaign. Also helping to lead the Trump ad effort is Rick Reed, a veteran GOP strategist who assisted the Swift Boat Veterans for Truth campaign against John Kerry in 2004. Discussions about bringing aboard Elsass come as Trump is getting walloped on the airwaves. On Sept. 12, Smart Media Group, a media buying firm that works with the Republican National Committee, detailed in an email to Trump campaign officials how Clinton was outspending the Republican nominee on TV by an astonishing seven-to-one margin. With polling in many battlegrounds suggesting the race is tight, many Republican strategists are concerned that Trump s lack of commercial spending could pose problems as the contest enters its final seven weeks. The Ohio-based GOP operative has a long history in Republican politics, having worked for a number of presidential candidates over the years. During this year s primary season, Elsass advised Rand Paul and, following Paul s departure from the race, John Kasich. In 2012, he worked for Michele Bachmann and Newt Gingrich. Neither Elsass nor a Trump spokesperson responded to requests for comment. Authors:
McCrory calls state of emergency in Charlotte after unrest
Police and protesters carry a seriously wounded protester into the parking area of the the Omni Hotel during a march to protest the death of Keith Scott September 21. | Getty McCrory calls state of emergency in Charlotte after unrest North Carolina Gov. Pat McCrory called for a state of emergency in Charlotte Wednesday night after violence escalated as residents continued to protest the fatal shooting of an African-American man by a police officer a day prior. "I have declared a State of Emergency & initiated efforts to deploy the Nat'l Guard & Highway Patrol to assist local law enforcement in CLT," McCrory tweeted late Wednesday night. Story Continued Below Civil unrest surged Tuesday as reports of the fatal shooting of Keith Lamont Scott spread, prompting mass protests that went into the night. A dozen officers were injured during the unrest, according to a tweet from the local police department early Wednesday morning. As protests continued Wednesday, reports emerged of a shooting that left a protester critically wounded, according to the Associated Press. Charlotte officials at first announced the man was dead but later amended the statement to say he was on life support. The police department has said the shooting was not committed by an officer. "These police officers are showing a tremendous amount of courage and there's obviously a few hundred people who have come to our town center in Charlotte, North Carolina, which is a great city in and their major goal seems to be destruction and harm and that's wrong and it's unacceptable," McCrory said Wednesday night on CNN shortly after making the announcement. "We cannot tolerate violence or tolerate the destruction of property and will not tolerate the attacks towards our police officers occurring right now and I feel very strongly about that right now," McCrory added. "That is not the American way." The North Carolina governor added that though the state of emergency did not include a curfew, the possibility of one remained "a very strong option." According to local reports, police officers saw Scott getting out of his car while holding a gun. The Charlotte-Mecklenburg Police Department said Scott posed an imminent danger to officers, and an officer shot the man. Authors:
'Locked the black bitch out': White students under investigation after racist Snapchat reveals campus harassment
The University of North Dakota is investigating a racist social media post that apparently shows white students locking a black student out of her own dorm room. In a Facebook post on Tuesday, student Etonde Maloke shared a photo of three white female students laughing in a dorm room. The photo includes the caption, Locked the black bitch out. My friend left her phone in her room and the three kids pictured below took her phone and took the snapchat pictured below, Maloke wrote. They captioned it locked the black bitch out . My friend was not aware that they had done this and didn t even realize they had put this on her snapchat story until another friend of ours pointed it out. We all know Racism is alive and well (whether you like to admit it not), she bemoaned. When said acts of racism happen at your school, it is infuriating and heart breaking. The university later released a statement on Twitter addressing the incident. What is portrayed is not part of the community values that we expound, the statement said. We take seriously issues related to respect for all.
Donald Trump Calls for Nationwide Stop-and-Frisk Policy, Then Rolls It Back
As Donald Trump courted African-American voters in Cleveland on Wednesday at a town hall taped by Fox News to air Thursday evening, he seemed to express support for establishing the stop and frisk policing policy on a national level. When asked by an audience member how he would stop violence in the black community, Trump responded, "I would do stop and frisk. I think you have to. We did it in New York. It worked incredibly well. And you have to be proactive, and you know, you really help people sort of change their mind automatically." He added, "New York City was incredible, the way that worked, so I think that could be one step you could do." The law enforcement policy in which police officers stop and question pedestrians regardless of whether they believe a crime has been committed, then search the pedestrians if the officers suspect violations has been extremely controversial, particularly in communities of color, and has been the subject of several legal challenges alleging racial profiling and discrimination. The policy gained prominence in the 1990s under New York City Police Commissioner Bill Bratton and Mayor Rudy Giuliani, who is now a close confidant of Trump's. Trump previously expressed his support for the policy, praising Giuliani for its success in New York. Trump has as of late also been an ardent supporter of profiling regarding immigration, believing it is a helpful tactic in stopping terrorism. He has drawn the ire of some African-Americans not only for praising stop and frisk but also for painting a grim portrait of black life. On Tuesday night, Trump said, "Our African-American communities are absolutely in the worst shape that they've ever been in before, ever, ever, ever" seeming not to take into account slavery, institutional segregation or the often violent reactions in the civil rights movement. On Thursday morning, however, in an interview on "Fox & Friends," he sought to amend his position, saying he never meant to suggest that stop and frisk should be implemented nationally. "Now Chicago is out of control. I was referring to Chicago with stop and frisk," Trump said. His initial answer came in response to a question that did not mention Chicago, though Trump cited the city in a previous answer as a place that is "out of control." Of course, as president, Trump would not be able to unilaterally implement the policy in a single city; he would have to defer to local officials and law enforcement. During a press conference, the members of the Congressional Black Caucus were asked about Trump's stop-and-frisk remarks. "The notion that stop and frisk had anything to do with the improving public safety numbers in New York is ludicrous, and Donald trump needs to check his facts," said Rep. Hakeem Jeffries, D-New York. "We would ask Donald Trump to bone up on his knowledge of what is constitutional and what is unconstitutional," said Rep. Yvette Clarke, D-New York.
UN to resume Syria aid deliveries POLITICO
Syrian children look down from a window at a convoy of United Nations and Arab Red Crescent vehicles carrying aid in the rebel-held town of Talbisseh on the northern outskirts of Homs on September 19, 2016 | Mahmoud Taha/AFP via Getty Images UN to resume Syria aid deliveries Trucks will roll into the war-wrecked country as soon as possible. The United Nations will resume efforts to deliver aid to besieged areas in Syria after halting all convoys at the Turkish border following an airstrike on its vehicles, heading to the opposition-controlled part of Aleppo earlier this week, the BBC reported Thursday. Trucks will roll into the war-wracked country as soon as possible, according to the U.N. s Office for the Coordination of Humanitarian Affairs, but will avoid the opposition-controlled Aleppo because it has been under heavy bombardment. U.S. officials blamed two Russian aircraft for Monday s attack on the U.N. aid convoy. Russia denied its aircraft were operating in the area at the time and suggested the U.S. was behind the attack, claiming a U.S. Predator drone was in the area when the vehicles, carrying desperately needed supplies to people under siege, were struck. Meanwhile, officials are scrambling to salvage a U.S.-Russia ceasefire agreement that went into effect September 12, with Washington calling for all war planes operating over Syria to be grounded, the BBC reported. At the U.N., U.S. Secretary of State John Kerry said Syria s future was hanging by a thread, and flights had to be suspended in order to de-escalate the situation and give a chance for humanitarian assistance to flow unimpeded.
KISS Gene Simmons: You Want to Win the War on Terror? Profile Everyone, Profile ME! [VIDEO]
KISS Gene Simmons: You Want to Win the War on Terror? Profile Everyone, Profile ME! [VIDEO] It has been 15 years now that we have been fighting the War on Terror. While during George W. Bush s presidency, we had very few terrorist attacks on American soil. But since Barack Obama has been president, that has changed, especially over the last year. There have been shootings and bombings and yet Obama is refusing to change anything. After welcoming thousands of Muslim refugees from Syria, we saw an uptick in terrorist attacks yet, Obama has plans to allow over 110,000 more to enter the United States next year. They have to be Muslim, of course, because racial profiling is the worst thing anyone can do, ever! Well, according to Obama and his fellow liberals, anyway. But that s exactly what we should be doing, according to KISS front man Gene Simmons. According to him, if we want to win the War on Terror, we need to start profiling everyone even him! Check out the video below: 101 Things All Young Adults Should Know by Sir John Hawkins John Hawkins's book 101 Things All Young Adults Should Know is filled with lessons that newly minted adults need in order to get the most out of life. Gleaned from a lifetime of trial, error, and writing it down, Hawkins provides advice everyone can benefit from in short, digestible chapters. Buy Now Everyone needs to get smart. I m okay with profiling, Simmons declared. I want you to stop me first. I want you to stop me because I look a certain way. And if I m clear, than profile someone else. It s emergency powers during war. There s a war going on. But it s unfair, liberals will certainly cry. Simmons had a response to that, too. It is unfair, he said. That s why the words too bad exist. It s kind of sad that the leader of a classic rock band has more common sense than liberal politicians do. Yes, profiling isn t nice. But being nice doesn t prevent terrorism. Profiling does just look at Israel, which is surrounded by countries full of terrorists eager to literally wipe them off the map, yet they re not only still there, they re one of the strongest countries in the world. Somehow, profiling works well for them. Muslims are not all terrorists. We know that. But most terrorists in today s world are, in fact, Muslims. There is nothing wrong with taking a closer look at young Muslim men, for example, to ensure that they don t have ties to any terrorist organizations like ISIS. If they don t, then what s the problem? Liberals complain that profiling violates people s constitutional rights, yet somehow, they re perfectly fine with that when it comes to Second Amendment rights. They re all about gun control, because if it saves even one life, we should do it, even though it infringes upon our constitutional rights. Yet profiling is completely unacceptable? Get real, liberals. You make no sense.
Kerry says Syrian diplomacy at impasse after truce collapses
John Kerry says Washington cannot be successful alone. | AP Photo Kerry says Syrian diplomacy at impasse after truce collapses NEW YORK The United States and Russia ended any pretenses Thursday of their cease-fire for Syria remaining in force after days of increased violence and the Syrian military's announcement of a new offensive in Aleppo. "We can't go out to the world and say we have an agreement when we don't," Secretary of State John Kerry said after meeting the top diplomats from Russia and more than a dozen European and Middle Eastern countries. Story Continued Below Kerry's statement, after three days of private and public diplomacy on the sidelines of the U.N. General Assembly, provided an ominous endnote to a week diplomats had hoped would be a major capstone toward peace. Instead, Kerry and Russian Foreign Minister Sergey Lavrov, who negotiated the truce two weeks ago, went their separate ways as violence in Syria flared anew and the relationship between the two key foreign powers in the conflict appeared to reach a new low. No one spoke of being able to quickly resuscitate the cease-fire. While Kerry and Lavrov were set to hold more talks Friday, even confidence-building measures seem beyond their reach at this point. As the diplomats huddled in a New York hotel, Syria's military command said it would restart operations in the northern city of Aleppo, scene of some of the most bitter fighting in recent months. According to one official present in the gathering, Kerry was informed of the news when his chief of staff showed him a headline on his BlackBerry. A furious Kerry then told the entire room, Lavrov included, that "even while we are meeting here, they are doing this," said the official, who wasn't authorized to speak publicly on the matter and demanded anonymity. Lavrov told Russian media that consultations would continue to "guarantee" the cease-fire. But even as Kerry vowed to press on with all efforts to find a peaceful solution to the war between Syrian President Bashar Assad's Russian-backed government and U.S.-backed rebels, he acknowledged the current strategy wasn't working. "We can't be the only ones trying to hold this door open," Kerry told reporters. "Russia and the regime must do their part or this will have no chance." He called for the immediate grounding of planes and helicopters that have launched airstrikes, including a Russian one earlier this week that the U.S. says hit an aid convoy, killing 20 civilians. Russia has denied responsibility, while raising a range of ulterior scenarios for how the caravan might have been struck. "Absent a major gesture like this, we don't believe there is a point to making more promises or issuing more plans or announcing something that can't be reached," Kerry said, describing a "moment of truth" for Syria, Russia and all those trying to halt the bloodshed. The meeting came after Assad told the AP in an interview in Damascus that the United States was to blame for the deal's failure. He cited U.S. inability to control "terrorist" groups and a weekend attack that killed dozens of Syrian soldiers. The U.S. apologized for what it described as a mistake. Lavrov had sought a three-day pause in fighting to revive the cease-fire. But U.S. officials said there was no point returning to a situation in which rebels would be pressed to hold fire, while the Syrian and Russian military's could violate the agreement. Authors:
Ford Motor CEO Says Trump Is Lying AGAIN! Company Is NOT Moving U.S. Operations To Mexico
80510 SHARES Facebook Twitter Reddit Stumbleupon Pinterest Earlier this week, as part of an interview he gave to Fox News, Donald Trump announced he had just learned that Ford Motor Company was about to fire all their employees in the United States and move to Mexico. Trump went on to add that when he becomes President, Ford would have to pay a 35 percent tax on any car they send back to the United States for sale. Wow! That s big news! It s also, like 99.9 percent of what Donald Trump says, a gigantic lie, according to Ford CEO Mark Fields, who told CNN: It s really unfortunate when politics get in the way of the facts. CNN host Poppy Harlow then asked Fields, would Ford cut any American jobs as part of its plans to build a new manufacturing plant in Mexico? To that, Fields replied: Absolutely not. Zero. Not one job will be lost. Most of our investment is here in the US. And that s the way it will continue to be. Continue reading below the advertisement Ford has 85,000 workers in the United States, and that number has risen by 50 percent over the last five years. It currently employs 8,800 people in Mexico, and the new plant will create 2,800 additional jobs there. So once again we see that Donald Trump will say anything at all in order to muddy the waters and make it appear that he is the savior of the American economy. That s a powerful message, especially in the industrial heartland states like Michigan, Ohio, Pennsylvania, and Wisconsin where Trump is hoping to score big on Election Day. But Trump has financially screwed over thousands of small businesses and vendors over the years to have any legitimate clout on the economic issue. All he offers is more tax cuts for the rich and empty words. And lies. Lots and lots of lies. Tax those and we could pay off the national debt. Featured Image Via Business Trajectory 80510 SHARES Facebook Twitter Reddit Stumbleupon Pinterest
BREAKING: Toby Keith Forced To Cancel Show, I Didn t Expect This
Toby Keith has been forced to cancel his show in South Carolina and it was totally unexpected. Toby Keith was scheduled to perform at the Florence Civic Center in South Carolina on September 22 and he was forced to cancel. Unfortunately the night before the concert Toby Keith sent out an update to all of his fans sharing the heartbreaking news. The good news is that Toby Keith didn t have to cancel his concert because he was ill or hurt. The bad news is that there are huge fuel shortages in South Carolina and the gas prices are continuing to rise in the Southeast. The General Manager of the Florence Civic Center,Kendall Wall, shared that the venue had received many messages from fans stating that they weren t going to be able to make it because of the fuel cancern. Both Keith s managers and the Florence Civic center decided that it was best for the fans if the concert was postponed to a later date. They wanted it to be fair for everyone who had already purchased their tickets. This is a major show for the region which attracts fans within a one- to two-hour drive and beyond We understand the growing concerns for Toby s fans and our own fans, as we ve been receiving distress messages over the past couple days It would be unfair for these fans and unrealistic for them to travel given the current dismal situation with gas prices and availability. The rescheduled concert date is March 7,2017 and the tickets will be honored for that concert. If any fan is unable to make the rescheduled concert date, there will be refunds made but only for a short amount of time. Toby Keith is one of the most respected country artists and we hope that those fans who could have made the concert are understanding of the cancelation. I m glad that everyone is okay, but it is such a bummer that these things have to happen. Pray for South Carolina!
Clinton, Trump meet world leaders for very different reasons
New York (CNN) Hillary Clinton and Donald Trump both met with world leaders in town for the United Nations General Assembly on Monday, but the two presidential contenders did so with vastly different goals. Both Clinton and Trump met with Egyptian President Abdel Fattah el-Sisi Monday, as the grueling presidential contest enters its final weeks. Clinton, who served for four years as President Barack Obama's secretary of state, also met with Japanese Prime Minister Shinzo Abe and Ukrainian President Petro Poroshenko. While the stakes are high for both candidates, there is likely more on the line for Trump who, as a foreign policy novice, is still looking to prove his chops before the first presidential debate next Monday. Trump used the meetings to try to convince voters that despite his often explosive personality he is qualified to serve as commander in chief. The key for the blunt businessman is the visuals of the meeting, hoping that voters see a president as they observe him with a world leader. "I will say that with all the folks being in New York, I've had a lot of calls from a lot of different people on the basis that I'm doing well and, you know, they seem to think it's important to maybe meet," Trump said Monday on Fox News. "I don't want to comment specifically on who but a couple of people are coming over." He later said, "I've already met with a couple," but refused to say which ones. Clinton used the meetings with the three world leaders, in contrast, to stress her facility with high-level diplomacy gained by years of experience on the world stage. Her meetings are also certain to be watched in various parts of the world for signs of how she would direct US foreign policy as president. Clinton addressed prickly topics with each world leader, according to aides in the room. Clinton touched on North Korea and the rise of China with Japan's Abe, while Clinton addressing the need for a more vibrant -- and free -- civil society with Egypt while she met with Sisi. While reporters were in the room, Clinton told Sisi that she looked forward to talking about the "path we are taking in order to build up a new civil society, a new modern country that upholds the rule of law, that respects human rights and liberties." Trump also met with Sisi on Monday evening in New York where the two discussed "the strategic bilateral relationship between the US and Egypt," according to a Trump campaign statement after the meeting. Sen. Jeff Sessions of Alabama and Lt. Gen. Michael Flynn (ret.), two of Trump's top foreign policy advisers, joined Trump for the meeting. "Mr. Trump expressed to President el-Sisi his strong support for Egypt's war on terrorism, and how under a Trump administration, the United States of America will be a loyal friend, not simply an ally, that Egypt can count on in the days and years ahead," the Trump campaign said. The Republican nominee, who has faced widespread condemnation in the Muslim world for his proposal to ban Muslims from the U.S. and his blanket statements about Islam, also shared his "high regard for peace-loving Muslims," the campaign added. The campaign also said Trump called the US-Egypt relationship "vital to help promote peace and stability in the Middle East." Sisi is the second foreign leader Trump has met with since becoming the Republican nominee. He first met with the Mexican president in Mexico last month. Sitting with Poroshenko, Clinton said she was looking forward to talking about the challenges Ukraine faces, primarily "the very real problems and threats from Russian aggression." Clinton added that she was "anxious to know how we can be supportive of those efforts." Clinton's meetings were announced before Trump's, and a senior advisor to the former top diplomat said Friday that they were less about furthering a political argument than preparing her to hit the ground running immediately if she wins the White House. "If she is elected, she wants to be sure she is prepared (not only) to handle the challenges but to seize the opportunities on Day One," said a senior Clinton advisor granted anonymity to talk about her foreign policy views. "While she has remained a candidate, she is also focused on what it would take to govern if she wins." The meetings also set up possible contrasts that could pose a challenge for Trump given Clinton's lengthy record on the international stage as both secretary of state and first lady. Trump has tried to shore up his foreign policy credentials before, taking a trip last month to meet Mexican President Enrique Pe a Nieto earlier this year. The meeting ended awkwardly after Trump said they never talked about his proposed border wall, but Pe a Nieto said he told Trump during the meeting that Mexico would not pay for it. Clinton's campaign seized on the public back-and-forth between the Mexican leader and Trump, with the Democratic nominee calling it Trump's "embarrassing international incident." "When you see that he can't even go to a foreign country without getting into a public feud with the president, I think the answer is clear: Donald Trump does not have the temperament to be our commander in chief," Clinton told voters in Ohio after the meeting. For her part, Clinton has decided to forgo the standard foreign tour as a candidate because her aides feel she doesn't need to burnish her foreign policy credentials. Instead, she'll take the opportunity afforded in her home state to hobnob with foreign heavyweights -- and try to score political points. Clinton's meeting with Poroshenko, in the eyes of her aides, attempted to highlight the differences between the Democratic and Republican nominee on policy toward Moscow. Clinton's campaign and other Democrats have accused Trump of cozying up to Putin, who has built his foreign policy on thwarting US goals and failing to confront Moscow over its annexation of Crimea in Ukraine. Clinton's adviser said that she believed that Washington needed to do more to stand up to Russian "aggression" in Ukraine and to allow the Kiev government to defend itself. Currently, the Obama administration has offered logistical help to Ukraine's armed forces but has fallen short of lethal assistance as some Republicans have championed. The official did not say, however, whether Clinton would move toward lethal aid but said that she would take a look at any requests from the Ukrainians. Clinton's meeting with Sisi will make waves in the Middle East because of the recent estrangement between the Egyptian President's government and the Obama administration. Clinton, according to an aide in the room, "emphasized the importance of respect for rule of law and human rights to Egypt's future progress" and "discussed ways to deepen counterterrorism cooperation, particularly in the fight against ISIS." Clinton also used the meeting to call for the release of US citizen Aya Hijazi, who has been imprisoned in Egypt since 2014 after operating a non-profit in the country. Clinton's adviser cautioned that the meeting on Monday did not augur any kind of policy change towards Egypt. But nevertheless, the official said, Clinton does understand the complexity and complications of US relations with Egypt, a nation that is pivotal to the balance of power in the Middle East, is facing its own terror threats and would be critical to any renewed effort at Israeli-Palestinian peace. Sisi assumed power following a coup against the elected Muslim Brotherhood government in Egypt in 2013. Clinton had been secretary of state when the US helped push Egypt's longtime strongman Hosni Mubarak from power after a popular uprising, but was seen as less pro-active than other members of Obama's cabinet in cutting loose a crucial, long-standing US ally. "There are a lot of things that the Sisi government is doing that are concerning," the official said. Trump's positions on foreign policy, among them on Egypt, are more opaque than those of Clinton. But in his terrorism speech in August, he vowed to work with leaders in the Middle East -- including Sisi -- who "recognize that this ideology of death" must be extinguished. Clinton's meeting with Abe comes at a time of increased tensions in Asia following North Korea's latest nuclear weapons test. The meeting will likely highlight Clinton's commitment to US alliances in Japan and South Korea and the US belief that it is up to China to do more to convince its ally in Pyongyang to turn away from its nuclear path. Clinton, according to an aide, discussed "the threat from North Korea" and "relations with China" during the meeting. And Abe brought up the Trans-Pacific Partnership, a massive 12-country trade deal that the Japanese prime minister has backed and Clinton has rejected. There is significant concern among US allies the region about the prospect of a Trump presidency -- not least because the GOP nominee has warned that both nations must pay more to keep US forces in their countries and raised the possibility that Pyongyang's growing threat could force both states to develop their own nuclear weapons, a step neither nation wants to take.
Road to 270: CNN's general election map
Washington Since we last updated the CNN battleground map, Donald Trump has clearly improved his poll numbers both in some national polls and in some critical battleground states. The Republican nominee has also upped his game (as have his allied outside group friends) with television ad spending. And, yet, Hillary Clinton maintains her advantage on the Road to 270 when it comes to piecing together the electoral math needed to win the presidency. With four days to go before the highly anticipated first presidential debate and just under 7 weeks before all the votes are cast, Hillary Clinton still sits above that key threshold in the latest CNN outlook. When you add up all the states either solidly or currently leaning Clinton's way, she has 272 electoral votes in her column in our new estimate. Hear CNN Political Director David Chalian explain the new race ratings in his podast: What's changed? -- Iowa (6) moves from from "battleground" to "lean Republican" -- Utah (6) moves from "lean Republican" to "solid Republican" -- Maine's 2nd Congressional District (1) moves from "solid Democrat" to "battleground" -- Nebraska's 2nd Congressional District (1) moves from "solid Republican" to "battleground" Road to 270: Electoral College map Note: The split congressional district ratings are symbolized with diagonal lines. The state of play Donald Trump has improved his standing in our electoral college outlook due to Iowa (a state Barack Obama won twice) and its six electoral votes moving from the true toss-up "battleground" category into the "lean Republican" category, giving Trump a total of 196 electoral votes either solidly or leaning in his favor. That leaves 70 electoral votes up for grabs across four states (plus two congressional districts) -- Florida, Nevada, Ohio, and North Carolina. Maine and Nebraska award individual electoral votes by congressional district in addition to the multiple electoral votes based on statewide results. Both Maine and Nebraska's second congressional district have moved into battleground status in this latest estimate. Maine's second congressional district has moved from "solid Democrat" to "battleground" and Nebraska's second congressional district has moved from "solid Republican" to "battleground," providing an opportunity for a candidate to pick up a single electoral vote in what otherwise might be hostile territory. Finally, Utah moves back from "leaning Republican" to being solidly being in Trump's column. There is no doubt that Trump has improved his chances in the last several weeks and that he is extremely competitive in all of the remaining critical battleground states, but Clinton's firewall is not yet showing any significant cracks and that is what makes Trump's path to 270 electoral votes still quite challenging. For all of the endless talk about Florida, Ohio and North Carolina, it is perhaps most important to keep your eye on Clinton's performance in the states that are leaning her way, but not solidly in her camp. Pennsylvania, Colorado, Michigan, and Virginia are the core of Clinton's current stronger and more viable path to 270. If Trump begins to find significant inroads to any of those blue-leaning states, that will set off some alarm bells at her Brooklyn HQ and suggest a more viable path for Trump. It is not enough for Trump to simply win the remaining 70 electoral votes in the battleground states -- that only gets him to 266. He still needs to chip away at Clinton's Democratic leaning firewall. That's why we see both Trump and Clinton and their surrogates returning again and again to Pennsylvania, for example. And that's why Clinton and pro-Clinton forces spent more than $16 million on television ads in the Keystone State compared to the $5.3 million we've seen from Trump and pro-Trump forces. In fact, Pennsylvania is the state with the third-highest number of ad dollars spent this cycle, behind only Florida and Ohio. Clinton and Trump will surely continue the fully engaged battle for the votes of Floridians and Ohioans, but until and unless Trump can put one of those Democratic leaning states back on the board as a battleground or even make one lean his way, Clinton's electoral college advantage holds. Solid Republican: Alabama (9), Alaska (3), Arkansas (6), Idaho (4), Indiana (11), Kansas (6), Kentucky (8), Louisiana (8), Mississippi (6), Missouri (10), Montana (3), Nebraska (4), North Dakota (3), Oklahoma (7), South Carolina (9), South Dakota (3), Tennessee (11), Texas (38), Utah (6)West Virginia (5), Wyoming (3) (163 total) Leans Republican: Arizona (11), Georgia (16), Iowa (6), (33 total) Battleground states: Florida (29), Nevada (6), Ohio (18), Maine 2nd Congressional District (1) Nebraska 2nd Congressional District (1), North Carolina (15) (70 total) Leans Democratic: Colorado (9), Michigan (16), New Hampshire (4), Pennsylvania (20), Virginia (13), Wisconsin (10), (72 total) Solid Democratic: California (55), Connecticut (7), Delaware (3), DC (3), Hawaii (4), Illinois (20), Maine (3), Maryland (10), Massachusetts (11), New Jersey (14), New York (29), Oregon (7), Rhode Island (4), Vermont (3), Washington (12), Minnesota (10), New Mexico (5) (200 total)
North Korea at UN: US faces 'tremendous consequences'
(CNN) North Korea went on the offensive Friday, blasting the US for "aggression" in Asia, blaming Washington for its pursuit of nuclear weapons and threatening the US with "tremendous consequences beyond imagination." The Democratic People's Republic of Korea "had no other choice but to go nuclear," Foreign Minister Ri Yong Ho told the UN General Assembly, to defend itself "from the constant nuclear threats from the United States." Ri's comments came as the US and Asian nations gathered in New York Friday with a fresh reminder of what they consider the gravest threat facing the region: North Korea's announcement this week that it had successfully tested its most powerful rocket engine yet. The test Tuesday was followed by a US show of force, as the Pentagon on Wednesday flew two B-1B bombers alongside the demilitarized zone separating North and South Korea, setting the the stage for US-South Korea joint military exercises in October that will include a simulated nuclear facility strike. The heightened tensions, North Korea's steady drumbeat of tests and its nuclear ambitions have put the region on edge and the Pentagon on notice. "North Korea's unpredictable behavior and capability development also continues to threaten allies and potentially the homeland," Gen. Joseph Dunford, chairman of the Joint Chiefs of Staff, said Wednesday in Maryland. "It's consumed an awful lot of time -- I think it's fair to say -- of senior leadership's time over the past few weeks." The North Korean minister offered a through-the-looking glass version of the same events. "Only a couple of days ago, the United States has again threatened the DPRK by flying the strategic bombers 'B-1B' over the military demarcation line on the Korean peninsula and landing in South Korea," Ri said. "We will never remain onlookers at it and the United States will have to face tremendous consequences beyond imagination." Meanwhile, Secretary of State John Kerry met Friday on the sidelines of the UN General Assembly with foreign ministers from the Association of Southeast Asian Nations, a 10-member bloc dedicated to economic, political and security cooperation. "The United States will do whatever is necessary to defend our own citizens and to honor our security commitments to our allies," Kerry told the ASEAN meeting. He called on allies to "vigorously" enforce sanctions against the isolated regime and urged ASEAN members to "ensure that the DPRK pays a price for its dangerous actions." Japanese Prime Minister Shinzo Abe made a blunt call for international action at the UN Wednesday. "Right before our eyes, North Korea is carrying out a plan about which there can be no doubt," Abe said. "There is no alternative but to say that the threat has now reached a dimension altogether different from what has transpired until now." The perceived threat is changing regional dynamics, bringing old rivals Japan and South Korea closer together. It's putting China on the spot as Washington pushes Beijing to do more to rein its ally in, even as tensions over the South China Sea complicate cooperation. And it will likely prompt a new international push for tougher sanctions, the likes of which were used to force Iran to the negotiating table. That's still unlikely to stop North Korea, formally known as the Democratic People's Republic of Korea, experts said. Indeed, US officials and scientific experts expect another nuclear test as soon as early October. "From North Korea's perspective, it only makes sense to continue these tests and continue to develop these weapons until there's a substantial shift in dialogue with the US," said Alison Evans, a country risk senior analyst at the global consulting firm IHS. "For North Korea, it's the recognition that's the important thing. It needs its status as a nuclear power to be recognized," Evans said, adding that, "The leadership sees developing a nuclear deterrent as a guarantor of survival." US officials say the Pentagon is watching carefully for another nuclear test. Meanwhile, the Union of Concerned Scientists said there is some speculation that Pyongyang may try another satellite launch around October 10, the anniversary of the founding of its Worker's Party of Korea. North Korea conducted its fourth nuclear test in January. In the ensuing months, it has followed that detonation with a total of 21 ballistic missile tests, including land- and submarine-based launches. In May, North Korea's 32-year-old leader Kim Jong-un made the country's ambitions official, announcing that Pyongyang was on a dual track of developing nuclear weapons and the economy. JUST WATCHED US B-1 bombers fly over South Korea Replay More Videos ... MUST WATCH US B-1 bombers fly over South Korea 02:52 Pyongyang then staged its largest nuclear test yet on September 9, the anniversary of the DPRK's founding in 1948. And Tuesday's rocket launch was "substantially larger and more powerful than anything North Korea has tested before," according to 38 North, a program devoted to analyzing North Korea at Johns Hopkins University's School of Advanced International Studies. All this testing is unlikely to win it the US recognition it craves, though. After the more recent nuclear test, President Barack Obama made clear that "the United States does not, and never will, accept North Korea as a nuclear state." Obama said that the US would work with Asian allies, the UN Security Council and international partners to implement existing measures and "take additional significant steps, including new sanctions to demonstrate to North Korea that there are consequences to its unlawful and dangerous actions." However, the rhetoric from the presidential campaign trail is a constant reminder that Obama administration will soon no longer calling the American shots on the issue. Republican presidential nominee Donald Trump has held out the possibility of meeting with Kim in a dramatic break with US political conventions. He earned criticism for the remark, as well as for suggesting that South Korea and Japan should consider developing their own nuclear weapons. "At some point we have to say, you know what, we're better off if Japan protects itself against this maniac in North Korea," Trump told Anderson Cooper at a CNN town hall in Milwaukee in March. "We're better off, frankly, if South Korea is going to start to protect itself." The statements have rattled Tokyo and Seoul, and while Trump has said that China must play a stronger role in checking their neighbor and ally, his promise to play tough with Beijing on trade could also roil that effort. The Republican candidate's tough talk has only heightened the uncertainty surrounding American policy in the region and is likely to be something that US officials are asked to address in their consultations Friday. Photos: South Korea, U.S. hold 'largest ever' drills South Korean and U.S. troops staged an amphibious assault Saturday, March 12 as U.S. and South Korean military units embarked on eight weeks of annual joint military exercises. Hide Caption 1 of 9 Photos: South Korea, U.S. hold 'largest ever' drills Clouds of camouflage smoke obscure amphibious assault vehicles coming into shore as part of military exercises on March 12. South Korea's defense ministry spokesman is calling the maneuvers "the largest scale ever," involving 300,000 South Korean soldiers and at least 17,000 from the U.S. Hide Caption 2 of 9 Photos: South Korea, U.S. hold 'largest ever' drills A South Korean Marine looks through a viewfinder on a sniper rifle on March 12. Marines and sailors stormed a beach aboard assault vehicles in a mock amphibious assault. Hide Caption 3 of 9 Photos: South Korea, U.S. hold 'largest ever' drills A South Korean Marine looks through his rifle's view finder on March 12 with an amphibious assault vehicle in the background. Hide Caption 4 of 9 Photos: South Korea, U.S. hold 'largest ever' drills A South Korea marine holds an assault rifle in the March 12 exercises. Hide Caption 5 of 9 Photos: South Korea, U.S. hold 'largest ever' drills Small detachments of forces from Australia and New Zealand also participated in Saturday's maneuvers. Hide Caption 6 of 9 Photos: South Korea, U.S. hold 'largest ever' drills South Korean Marines group crouch between two amphibious assault vehicles during the March 12th drill. Hide Caption 7 of 9 Photos: South Korea, U.S. hold 'largest ever' drills South Korean Marines points their weapons during the joint military exercises held on March 12. Hide Caption 8 of 9 Photos: South Korea, U.S. hold 'largest ever' drills Protesters call for a more peaceful atmosphere on the Korean peninsula as South Korea and U.S. troops hold joint military exercises on March 12. Hide Caption 9 of 9 Hillary Clinton has also articulated a strong stance on China, but is less likely to take the protectionist steps that could spark a trade war with the Asian power. On North Korea, specifically, she has emphasized ratcheting up US sanctions. International sanctions levied in March after the January nuclear test were the first on North Korea to do more than target weapons development or luxury goods for the elite. They ban all weapons trade and require inspections of all cargo to and from the country, among other steps. The international community could squeeze North Korea further by targeting the export of its resources, said Bruce Klingner, a senior research fellow at the Heritage Foundation, echoing the way UN sanctions targeted Iran by banning the export of its oil. "That is a big step," Klingner said, "it will impact the people of North Korea." JUST WATCHED General: US held 'nuclear hostage' by North Korea Replay More Videos ... MUST WATCH General: US held 'nuclear hostage' by North Korea 02:16 China signed on for the March sanctions, but its officials have repeatedly said they believe sanctions are counterproductive and experts say China historically hasn't thoroughly enforced them against North Korea. US tensions with China over the South China Sea could make it harder to cooperate. Dunford said Wednesday that "China seeks to limit our ability to project power and to undermine the credibility of our alliances in the Pacific." The US can take additional unilateral steps to get tougher on Pyongyang, Klingner said, by sanctioning non-North Korean entities that act as an agent for the country -- most likely Chinese entities and financial institutions. In the meantime, US military officials are planning. From October 3 to 21, the US and South Korea will carry out the joint exercise "Red Flag" in Alaska, which will include an aerial exercise "simulating attacks on nuclear facilities and scenarios of sudden missile attack," a ministry spokesperson with the South Korean Defense Department told CNN. North Korea derided South Korea as a "puppet warmongers" in a statement about the Red Flag exercises.
See What Happens to Her! [VIDEO] Eagle Rising
Never has the rights for me, but not for thee idea been more apparent than in the context of gun control. Politicians love to parade around with families of mass shooting victims, particularly if those victims were schoolchildren. They talk about how no one needs ten bullets to kill a deer, and they talk about how semi-automatic rifles especially the black ones serve no purpose other than to kill a bunch of people in a short amount of time. The only kind of gun they don t seem to have a problem with is a shotgun, as long as it s one that holds no more than two rounds at a time. While these same politicians use shooting victims to push their anti-gun ideas, everyone knows that they are surrounded by armed bodyguards. Yes, armed with evil guns. Donald Trump brought this up at a campaign rally in Miami, Florida. He said: She s very much against the Second Amendment. She wants to destroy your Second Amendment. Guns, guns, guns, right? I think what we should do is she goes around with armed bodyguards, like you have never seen before. I think that her bodyguards should drop all weapons. They should disarm, right? Right? I think they should disarm immediately. What do you think? Yes? Take their guns away! She doesn t want guns. Let s see what happens to her. It would be very dangerous. Every gun control politician benefits from the Second Amendment. The high-profile ones surround themselves with security personnel who carry firearms. They know that having armed security around them protects them. But they don t want everyday Americans to be afforded the same right. For now, maybe these gun control politicians would say that they d be okay if Americans had a shotgun at home, as long as that gun was locked up in a safe and completely disassembled, and the ammo was in an entirely different safe on the other side of the house. The views expressed in this opinion article are solely those of their author and are not necessarily either shared or endorsed by EagleRising.com
Massive Protests Erupt In North Carolina After Police Kill Disabled Black Man
12k SHARES SHARE THIS STORY Massive protests have broken out in Charlotte, North Carolina, after police shot and killed disabled African-American man named Keith Lamont Scott, who was apparently reading a book in his car, waiting for his son to come home from school when officers shot him dead. Details are still sketchy at the moment, but it appears the police were in search of of another armed man in the area. Scott is the sixth civilian shot by Charlotte police this year. Twelve officers have apparently been injured as tear gas canisters were fired into the crowd. Coming so soon after the shooting of Terrence Crutcher in Tulsa, Oklahoma, it is clear that all the protests and anger at the disregard for the lives of black Americans shown by our police forces have accomplished nothing. Scott is the 215th black man shot by police this year. This is an ongoing story that will be updated as new developments occur.
LA Police Commission Tells Officers How To Deal With Armed Suspects And It Is INSANE Freedom Daily
1.1k SHARES Facebook Twitter I can t believe this nonsense. You re going to be mad that I told you this. You re going to wonder where the toughness of America went and what happened to make people think being a p*ssy is the way to be. When I look at cops, I envision people who are strong, tough, and hard working. Except for that one overweight cop that every station has. You know, the guy who actually eats the donuts. Forget him. He ll be on desk duty eventually. I m talking about real cops. The cops I know are all in good shape, work out, and run towards danger. They will save any person that s in harms way. They don t care if the person is white, black, or even Muslim. A good cop saves everyone, and that s what most cops are good cops. And that s how it s supposed to be. But then there s this idiot from the LA Police Commission who wants cops to run AWAY from armed suspects. Are you kidding me? That s ridiculous. Cops are trained to eliminate threats, not run away from the threat while the criminal either gets away or hacks someone with a meat cleaver. The Daily Caller The Los Angeles Police Commission wants LAPD police officers to run away when a suspect confronts them with a weapon, warns the Los Angeles Police Protective League, the labor union of the city s police officers. Hypothetically speaking, if I wanted to rob a bank tonight, could I go there with a knife and the cops will run away from me? I don t have to stab anyone, I just have to show cops that I have a deadly weapon and the cops will run to their cars and drive away. Is that how it works? That opens the Pandora Box for an unwarranted increase in crime based on the fact that LAPD might be ordered to run away from violent perpetrators in the future. I guess the LAPD won t be allowed to save lives anymore. Very sad state of affairs if this really happens. I hope every LAPD cop does the right thing and does not listen to this nonsense. Cops are trained for battle and they re not afraid to eliminate a violent threat. And we should let them eliminate a threat if it puts anyone in danger. Training people to run away, instead of eliminating, will generate a nation of p*ssy cops and that s not who I want to protect me.
ABC News Breaking News, Latest News, Headlines & Videos
External links are provided for reference purposes. ABC News is not responsible for the content of external Internet sites. Copyright 2017 ABC News Internet Ventures. Yahoo! - ABC News Network
Worst. President. Ever.
As my 25th wedding anniversary approached, I tried to be creative in buying gifts for my wife. I had the idea of a silver coin that marked 25 years of something or other. I went to a local coin shop, and as I idled over some of the display cases, I noticed a set of coins from the mid-19th century. Oddly, the coins from the 1840s and 1850s were large up until 1857, when the coins started becoming, at best, half the size of the others. Oh, the Panic of 1857, the owner said when I asked him about the change of size. It was really bad. The president didn t seem to have any solution except to use less gold or silver in the coins. Story Continued Below Now that is inept presidential decision-making. During the current election campaign, there has been a lot of gnashing of teeth over the possibility that whoever the winner is he or she will be so terrible as a leader they will bring down the republic as the worst president since independence. And before the current candidates were known, the two most recent White House occupants, Barack Obama and George W. Bush, have been consistently reviled by their detractors as the worst men to lead the country. But Obama and Bush can both take heart. And Donald Trump and Hillary Clinton can gain solace, perhaps, from knowing that no matter how badly they do, they almost certainly won t rank last. By my reckoning, that place belongs to James Buchanan, genial a man though he was. I ve made quite a study of him. My innocent encounter at the coin shop only reinforced my lifelong determination to take an offbeat look at, let s say, the lesser presidents. My father was definitely the only one in our suburban neighborhood with a biography of Franklin Pierce. Everywhere we went, he forced me to read historical plaques stopping the car in a shrieking halt at times to view them. If I were to write a book about a president, it surely wouldn t be about Washington or Lincoln, or even Silent Cal Coolidge. It would have to be about someone as ineffectual as possible. Buchanan, the only president from my native state, Pennsylvania, turned out to be my man. Start with his anemic, minimalist solution to one of America s great financial downturns. For a long time before Buchanan, in effect, precipitated the Panic of 1857, things were going well for the country, at least in an economic sense. There had been a bad downturn 20 years before, with multiple causes, like war in Europe, the dissolution of the Bank of the United States, and overspeculation in, oddly enough, slaves and Western land. The great acquisition of land under President James Knox Polk, from Oregon to California to Texas, reinvigorated the economy, and a boom lasted for the next two decades. Railroads were the big player, since so many people wanted to move West into the new territories and states. Manufacturing boomed domestically, and then with foreign trade as well, since Europe had quelled many of its hostilities and American items were cheaper than those on the Continent. Then the day before Buchanan took office, Congress passed what he wanted, the Tariff Bill of 1857, which lowered tariffs on a panoply of items from abroad Buchanan wanted to stimulate foreign trade but made American manufactured goods of the same sort less competitive. Three days later came the real fatal blow, though, the Dred Scott Supreme Court decision, which fell on the shoulders of Buchanan. The case had wound through state and federal courts for at least a decade, but Roger Taney, the Supreme Court chief justice, and a fellow alumnus, with Buchanan, of small Dickinson College, wanted it settled. Scott was a slave to a military man who at times was stationed not in his native Missouri, a slave state, but in the Northwest Territories, which were nonslave. After his master died, Scott brought the case that he should be free because he had lived in nonslave territory. Buchanan wanted to be a hero, and thought if the case could be decided broadly, it could settle the question of slavery in the Union for good. Buchanan knew, too, though, that the court had five Southerners and four Northerners, and if the decision were split that way, it would be ineffective. He and Taney had apparently agreed to have a narrower decision, or remand the case back to the Appeals Court, if it were merely sectional, since they felt the need to have some sort of bipartisanship for the decision to be legitimate. Ignoring the idea of separation of powers, though, Buchanan browbeat Robert Cooper Grier, another Dickinson alumnus and a justice from Pennsylvania, to go along with the majority opinion, which Taney would write. Eventually, a New York native, Justice Samuel Nelson, wrote a concurring opinion, making the vote even less sectional. Legend has it that Taney, on the Capitol stairs just before he gave Buchanan the oath of office at the inauguration, told Buchanan that the decision would become public in the next few days. Buchanan apparently changed his speech to indicate that and that he would be all for whatever the court decided. Two days later, the decision came down. Taney castigated Scott, whom he said was not a citizen, being a slave, and thus could not bring any suit. He also wrote that the Constitution gave no state or territory the power to institute or, conversely, prohibit slavery. Thus all the compromises about it, going back to the 1820s, were invalid, and, in fact, the Fugitive Slave Law, requiring anyone who knew about it to return slaves to their owners anywhere in the country, was in force. Historically, experts rate Dred Scott as the worst decision in the court s history, but short of that, it was at the very least transformational for the country with not just Taney, but surely Buchanan, responsible for it. As appalled as most of the country was about the morals of the decision at the time, there was a practical downside, too. Now no one knew whether he or she wanted to go West, to use the railroads, or to start a business that railroads might profit from. Railroad stocks started to decline in value, and then a contagion hit, and it was free fall. By midsummer, no one could take a ride on the Reading, as Uncle Pennybags does in the Monopoly game, since the Reading Railroad had shut down, as did lines now and then famous like the Illinois Central. Several lines, like the Delaware, Lackawanna and Western and the Fond du Lac Railroad in Wisconsin, declared bankruptcy. Thousands were thrown out of work, and banks started foreclosing on loans and property. Senator William Seward, the leader of the new Republican Party, come home from a vacation to find out he had lost most everything he owned his stock in the Illinois Central, promoted to him by his rival Democrat Stephen Douglas, was virtually worthless. Every bank in New York City effectively closed none would convert coins or gold into bank notes. The oldest grain company in New York, N.H. Wolfe and Co., failed in August, as did the most prominent insurance business in the country, the Ohio Life Insurance and Trust Co. Buchanan and his administration did nothing to stem the public hysteria. Calm words might have quelled it, but his inaction only made for further runs on banks and, thus, more turmoil in markets. The residue that mattered most, though, was the reaction caused by Dred Scott. Instead of promoting unity and opening up the West to more settlement, as Buchanan had thought, Dred Scott thwarted it, and brought an end to years of Northern prosperity. Yet the South did not succumb as badly. Its agrarian culture was self-sustaining, and its cotton still had a market in Europe. There was a surge in arms sales there as well, the economic downturn in the North exacerbating regional tensions. The relative good times in the South caused Northerners of all parties to further blame Buchanan for being a Southern lackey. Buchanan s response was underwhelming, almost disdainful. He said the federal government could do nothing. In his Annual Message in December 1857, he said he sympathized with the travails caused by the Panic, but he would do nothing for individual suffering. The government would continue to pay its obligations and would keep going on whatever public works projects it had started, but would begin no new ones. He said too many people had speculated in land and slaves and the like and deserved the gambler s fate. Eventually, he noted, the youth and energy of the rugged American individuals would triumph, though there would clearly be an interim of rough times. In a sense, he was right, because it took the rugged young Americans who went to war in 1861 to bring the economy back. Throughout his term, when a fork appeared in the road, Buchanan managed to take the wrong turn. When hostilities flared in Kansas, over whether that territory would enter as a slave or free state, Buchanan wavered over which of two proposed constitutions would be valid, exacerbating the killings, some done by the wild-eyed anti-slavery radical John Brown. When later Brown seized arms with a small cadre of followers in Harpers Ferry, West Virginia, just 40 miles from Washington along the Potomac, Buchanan again diddled before consulting Robert E. Lee, who had fortuitously been home in Arlington on leave from his post in Texas. Lee quickly went to Harpers Ferry to capture Brown and quell the raid. In other ventures, though, Buchanan dashed troops out on strange and unproductive missions. He caused chaos in Utah, quelling what he thought to be a Mormon revolt, causing villages to be burned to the ground and dozens of lives lost over what was merely a jurisdictional dispute. He supported mercenary William Walker s forays to conquer Nicaragua and Guatemala, and sent troops to try to annex parts of Paraguay, primarily to acquiesce to his Southern base that wanted more slave states to come into the union. Then there was the little known Pig War, started when a settler along the Canadian border on the San Juan straits in the Northwest, shot a pig owned by the Hudson Bay Co. that wandered onto his property. A standoff ensued until Buchanan sent troops otherwise guarding Kansas, where there was a real problem, out to calm the nonfatal except to one pig battle. This was at a time when there were about only 12,000 soldiers in the U.S. Army, stretched as thin as could be. As the election of 1860 came close, Buchanan refused to support the one Democrat who could win, Stephen Douglas, because he just plain didn t like him. That caused the party to split into three factions, each nominating a candidate, virtually ensuring Republican Abraham Lincoln the election. The Southern states, which had threatened secession, started doing so during the interim between Lincoln s election and his inauguration in March, thus under Buchanan s watch. Buchanan took the unusual position that the Constitution did not allow secession, but the president could not do anything to prevent it. As the first half-dozen states seceded, Buchanan lost several Cabinet members he had a lot of Southern allies and refused entreaties by many, including former President John Tyler, who would himself become a Confederate congressman, to find compromises to bring the wastrel states back into the fold. Meanwhile, Buchanan allowed the seizure of armaments and forts by the seceding states and suggested the abandonment of the one major fortified island in the South, Fort Sumter. Enter Lincoln, who has long been rated in serious surveys and schoolmarms speeches as the greatest of presidents. Lincoln no doubt was a man with plans and savvy, but I contend that the bar was set so low by his predecessor that maybe if there were no James Buchanan, the Worst. President. Ever, there would have been a few notches more on the presidential-rating scale for Abe Lincoln to climb. Today, George W. Bush is often rated one of the worst presidents in history, thanks to his authorship of the Iraq War and his presiding over the Crash of 08 and the beginning of the Great Recession. Obama is sometimes seen in the same light, especially by the far right. But as happened with Honest Abe and his predecessor, perhaps that low bar will only make it easier for a President Hillary Clinton or a President Donald Trump to shine. Robert Strauss is author of the forthcoming Worst. President. Ever.: James Buchanan, the POTUS Rating Game, and the Legacy of the Least of the Lesser Presidents.
Texas, California Separatists Attend Kremlin-Funded Conference
Nate Smith, executive director of the Texas Nationalist Movement, looked uncertain as a man identifying himself as an east Ukrainian resistance fighter pledged solidarity to Smith s struggle for an independent Texas. Standing in a conference room in the Ritz Hotel in central Moscow on Sunday, Smith nodded noncommittally and handed over his business card. It wasn t the only incongruous encounter taking place at the Ritz at what has been dubbed Moscow s international conference of separatists, an eclectic Kremlin-funded gathering of organizations and sometimes wacky individuals pressing for self-rule for often unlikely territories. Amidst the heavy glitz of the hotel, Catalonian separatists and dissident Irish republicans listened politely to presentations from east Ukrainian rebels, Azerbaijani minorities and the thoughts of the self-proclaimed "King of Hawaii," who called in via video link. And among the few dozen activists comparing ideas for how to achieve self-determination, were two Americans campaigning for Texan and Californian secession from the United States. The conference, now in its second year, is funded largely by the Kremlin and organized by the Anti-Globalization Movement of Russia, a group that closely follows government positions. The movement says it is unconnected to the Kremlin, but the hotel conference was almost entirely paid for by a charitable fund founded by President Vladimir Putin, which provided close to $546,000 for the project, according to public records. The attendees, including the Texan delegate, had been offered free flights and accommodation. The conference s organizers present it as a platform for marginalized groups, but its agenda overlaps with Kremlin efforts to promote Russia as an alternative guardian for global order, at the head of democratic movement opposed to alleged American imperialism. Our main goal is to create a multi-polar world, the conference s creator, Aleksander V. Ionov, told its participants. Our president, Vladimir Vladimirovich Putin, is probably the main anti-globalist in the world. Ionov himself, a relatively little-known businessman, has repeatedly met Syrian President Bashar al-Assad, whom Russia is backing militarily, saying the two discussed humanitarian aid and media activities two weeks ago. Ionov s conference plays into Moscow s own long-time policy of backing separatists in its former Soviet neighbors. While jailing and harassing separatist groups at home, Moscow has leveraged them abroad a pretext for military intervention, most recently fomenting the violent secessionist conflict in eastern Ukraine. A sizable presence of pro-Russian rebel supporters was visible on Sunday, while not a single Russian separatist group took part. All that and the anti-American flavor sometimes made uncomfortable listening for the groups less used to the atmosphere in the Kremlin s orbit. It s kind of awkward I guess, Smith said after one 30-minute denunciation of American inequity. ABC News Smith s group, the Texas Nationalist Movement, is campaigning for a referendum on whether Texas should exit the United States. Founded over 10 years ago, the group attracted some attention recently when it came within two votes of forcing the Texas state GOP to bring a debate on a secession referendum to the floor of the Republican convention. Smith said he was grateful for the chance to promote his campaign and was eager to clarify his attendance did not mean he was aligning with the Kremlin. We re here to have a dialogue. We re not in agreement with all the groups that are here, Smith said. We re here for very specific reasons. We came here to make a statement on behalf of the people of Texas. It was a sentiment echoed by Louis J. Marinelli from the YES California Independence Campaign, there to get his message out about his plan to make the Golden State a nation. We want to draw attention to our campaign, Marinelli said. We re not signing an alliance with Russia or anything like that." The two secessionists urge for independence stems largely from a distaste with American foreign policy and a sense the U.S. has become dysfunctional. A gentle-mannered IT consultant married to a Russian, Marinelli is aiming for a secession referendum by 2019. The U.S. government is so dysfunctional it can t be repaired from within anymore, and if we were a separate nation running our own affairs, we could improve the quality of life for Californians, Marinelli said. Both men were hoping for a Donald Trump victory in the U.S. presidential elections, banking on a surge in people looking to detach themselves from America. The U.K.'s recent "Brexit" vote to leave the European Union had also heartened many attendees. But why exactly the Kremlin had decided to pay to gather them in Moscow, few among the foreign attendees could say. Nor did they appear particularly interested. I m not here to make presumptions about potential reasons for this conference, Smith said. However, the conference -- and its location in one of Moscow s expensive hotels, within shouting distance of the Kremlin walls -- slots into a recognizable recent Russian strategy. Russia has been backing far right political parties in the West, in particular, reportedly funding France s anti-European Union party, the Front National, with a $10 million loan. The practice echoes that of the Soviet Union, which secretly supported radical fringe groups around the world, but now coupled with elaborate disinformation campaigns from state media outlets. It s a school-book case, said Peter Kreko, a Fulbright visiting professor at Indiana University who has studied Russia s use of the far right. The simple reason is that Russia is interested in dividing the Western world. The strategy is not to create new divisions but to take the most from divisions already there. Kreko said the idea was to back groups hindering European integration and to undermine faith in Western-style liberal democracy. The tool-kit is pretty much the same as in the Soviet Union. Any kind of movements that can cause chaos, Kreko said, adding he thought the conference was also a prop for domestic propaganda that state media would use to paint Russia as a champion of democracy. Few of the conference attendees were concerned they might become Kremlin pawns, seeing it simply as a way to get their message out. Everybody s using everybody, Marinelli said. We re using this conference for our own purposes. We want the attention so that we can get the word out, they want ..." he trailed off before finishing. Everybody s got their own agenda, right? So, that s just the way it is. For most of the attendees the main pull appeared to be the guaranteed presence of the media, attracted by the conference s oddity. I ve talked to seven media [organizations] today. I've got to get my story out, said Diarmuid Mac Dubhglais, international secretary for Republican Sinn F in, a tiny Irish republican splinter group that supports the violent removal of British control over Northern Ireland. In any case, Mac Dubhglais said, he wouldn t let Vladimir himself impose ideas on him. I m not going to start passing out propaganda when I go home and start marching Soviet-style," he said. Besides, he said, perhaps the Russian motive was altruistic. Maybe in fairness, they might think the cause is just, he said then paused, before adding: I m hoping that s what they think."
Obama, in an awkward twist, becomes Saudi Arabia's defender
President Barack Obama has never had a great relationship with Saudi Arabia. Now, he s the last man standing between the wealthy desert kingdom and billions of dollars in potential liabilities. Story Continued Below Obama has cast the Saudis as "so-called" allies; bemoaned the terrorist-inspiring version of Islam they practice; and even suggested the oil-rich Arab state learn to "share" the Middle East with rival Iran. The Saudis, meanwhile, consider Obama naive, sparring with him over the Iran nuclear deal and questioning his hands-off approach to Syria s bloody civil war. Despite these differences, Obama has promised to veto a bill that Congress passed unanimously allowing families of 9/11 victims to sue Saudi Arabia over alleged links to the 2001 terrorist attacks. That Obama and Riyadh find themselves on the same side against Congress underscores the bizarre evolution of U.S.-Saudi ties over the past eight years. An alliance once unquestioned in Washington now faces an extraordinary level of criticism, but the two countries still need each other enough that a breakup is simply not in the cards. "This is clearly a relationship in transition," said Jon Alterman, an analyst with the Center for Strategic and International Studies. "Nobody really has a sense of what they re trying to transition it to." Just how tricky is the relationship? Two more examples: Obama is supporting the Saudis in their fight against Iran-backed rebels in Yemen, even though U.S. officials worry the fight there is distracting from the more important battle against the Islamic State. And many of the same U.S. lawmakers happy to make it easier to sue the Saudis just this week green-lit a $1.15 billion arms sale to the country. "Does no one sense the irony? asked Republican Sen. Rand Paul of Kentucky, one of a handful of lawmakers who tried to block the weapons deal in the Senate. The back and forth in Washington is "schizophrenic behavior" that has deeply frustrated leaders in the Middle East for years, said a former senior U.S. official deeply familiar with the Arab world. Congress passed the lawsuit bill under intense pressure from families of victims and just ahead of the 15th anniversary of the Sept. 11 attacks. The Saudis, through direct contacts as well as a powerful set of lobbyists, have tried hard to stop it, waging a major PR effort that included releasing a white paper detailing the kingdom's efforts to stop terrorists. The Saudis deny any government role in the attacks and note that the U.S. has never found proof of it, either. The Saudis also have warned they will sell off billions of dollars in U.S. assets to protect themselves against lawsuits. Administration officials downplay the idea that Obama will veto the bill merely to protect Saudi Arabia. Normally, U.S. citizens aren't allowed to sue foreign governments under the concept of sovereign immunity. Obama's concern, officials say, thus goes well beyond the Saudis; he's worried that the bill erodes the sovereign immunity principle and could lead other countries to allow the U.S. to be sued over its actions abroad. "To pass a piece of legislation that would open up our diplomats and our service members and even American businesses to potential lawsuits in courts all around the world is foolish," White House spokesman Josh Earnest said in a recent press briefing. The perception in many quarters, however, is that Obama is coming to the aid of a country with much to hide. Fifteen of the 19 hijackers on Sept. 11, 2001, were Saudi nationals. And the recent declassification of roughly 30 pages from a 2002 congressional probe into the 9/11 attacks raised more questions about Saudi government ties to Islamist extremists. "We are disappointed that the president is not standing with us," said Mindy Kleinberg, who lost her husband in the attacks and was meeting with lawmakers Thursday to push for a veto override. "We have been waiting a very long time for justice, and we feel that this bill will go a long way toward accountability." Whatever his motivation, Obama's decision to veto the bill is unlikely to do much to ease Saudi suspicions. The Saudis' wariness of Obama has its roots in his comments in 2002, well before he ran for president, referring to the monarchy in Riyadh as a so-called ally. It grew after Obama sided against Egyptian strongman Hosni Mubarak during the 2011 Arab Spring movements, leading Saudi royals to question whether America would have their backs in a domestic political crisis of their own. It deepened in 2013, after Obama decided not to stage a military strike against Syrian President Bashar Assad, who is despised by the Saudis, even after Assad apparently crossed Obama's "red line" by using chemical weapons. And it reached a new peak in 2015 after Obama struck a nuclear deal with Iran, a Shiite theocracy that Sunni-majority Saudi Arabia views as a growing threat in the Middle East. Still, Obama, cognizant of the need for the U.S. to maintain alliances with stable countries in the Middle East, has otherwise tried hard to allay Saudi concerns. He cut short a trip to India to rush to see the newly crowned Saudi king, Salman, in January 2015, after the previous monarch died. He also has pushed for new weapons and other security agreements with the Saudis, in part to assuage Saudi concerns about the Iran nuclear deal. But earlier this year, in comments to the Atlantic magazine that infuriated the Saudis, Obama appeared to reverse decades of U.S. policy that tilted heavily toward Riyadh and against Tehran. The competition between the Saudis and the Iranians which has helped to feed proxy wars and chaos in Syria and Iraq and Yemen requires us to say to our friends as well as to the Iranians that they need to find an effective way to share the neighborhood and institute some sort of cold peace, Obama said. Prince Turki Al-Faisal, the former head of Saudi intelligence, wrote in an extraordinary open letter soon afterward that Obama had "thrown us a curve ball" and criticizing the president for saying America s Gulf allies were free riders wholly dependent on the U.S. for their security. And in April, weeks after the Atlantic piece was published, Saudi Arabia appeared to snub Obama when he visited Riyadh for a summit by sending a lower-level official to greet him at the airport and not broadcasting his arrival on state TV. The readouts from those meetings in Riyadh also suggested the president hadn't done much to assuage Saudi concerns, with the two sides saying they'd "discussed" and "exchanged views" more than agreeing on anything. The president also hosted Saudi Arabia s deputy crown prince, Mohammed Bin Salman, when he visited Washington this summer on a trip aimed at improving the kingdom s image in Washington. Obama made sure to praise the prince's plan to transform the Saudi economy, dubbed Vision 2030. He also tried to reassure the Saudi royal that the U.S. will back the Saudis against interference by Iran, which remains an official enemy of the United States. But some constants in the U.S.-Saudi relationship have turned into variables, meaning that even after Obama leaves office in just a few months, the alliance could prove rocky. The low price of oil, for example, is forcing the kingdom to rethink its economy; the U.S. also relies more now on its own energy reserves, reducing America s addiction to Saudi oil. Some observers also point to cultural changes in deeply conservative Saudi Arabia women, though still facing severe segregation, make up a growing share of the workforce; young people are more exposed than ever to the Internet and the outside world; and thousands of Saudis educated in the U.S. are now capitalizing on that experience in their country. By all accounts, the U.S. and Saudi Arabia still maintain a strong security relationship, and U.S. officials privately say the Saudis are helpful partners in the fight against terrorist groups such as Al Qaeda, which the Saudi monarchy views as a threat to its own rule. U.S. officials also say the Saudis have taken steps in recent years to silence the most radical of their Islamist preachers and change their school curricula to be more tolerant. "The close cooperation on countering violent extremists like [the Islamic State], the continued Saudi preference for American arms, the important role that Saudi Arabia plays in international energy markets and the $70 billion dollars worth of annual trade between the two countries are enough to sustain this relationship for the foreseeable future," said Fahad Nazer, a former political analyst with the Saudi Embassy in Washington who now does similar work for JTG Inc. In many ways, what Obama thinks about the Saudis matters less and less as his time in the Oval Office draws to an end. But while the Saudis will be happy to see him leave, there's great uncertainty in Riyadh about how the next president will deal with them. Both Democrat Hillary Clinton and Republican Donald Trump have voiced grave concerns about Saudi Arabia's track record of producing Islamic extremists; Clinton has said she supports the 9/11 lawsuit bill. But while Clinton would likely be a more predictable partner, the Saudis see Trump who has called for a ban on Muslims entering the United States as a wild card. For now, however, the Saudis are nervously watching Congress to see exactly how unhappy lawmakers are with them. Already, some members of Congress are hinting that they are not comfortable with the 9/11 legislation after all, and that they may consider voting to uphold Obama's veto. Their hesitation comes as a growing number of foreign countries and blocs, including the European Union, voice opposition to the bill. The original bill passed on voice vote in both Houses, making a veto override especially sensitive because members will have to go on the record. And with the presidential election looming, the politics are even more fraught than normal. Saudi Arabia has never been an especially popular actor in Washington a powerful one, but not popular," the former senior U.S. official said. "And now, nobody in Congress wants to stick their neck out for the Saudis two-and-a-half months before the presidential election. Authors:
McConnell punts budget vote to buy time for deal
"I would encourage our colleagues across the aisle to complete negotiations so we can advance this important matter," Sen. Mitch McConnell said. | Getty McConnell punts budget vote to buy time for deal Senate Majority Leader Mitch McConnell delayed a procedural vote on a must-pass government spending measure Monday as top lawmakers remained at odds over a handful of provisions in the bill, even with a months-long impasse over Zika funding largely resolved. The key vote is now scheduled for 2:15 p.m. Tuesday, McConnell said giving negotiators more time to hammer out the fine print of the continuing resolution that will keep the federal government funded until Dec. 9. For now, however, sources said negotiators have settled on language that would provide money to battle the Zika virus while allowing Planned Parenthood s partner clinic in Puerto Rico to access the federal grants a provision that had been a major point of contention. Story Continued Below Senate Republicans stand ready to move forward, McConnell (R-Ky.) said Monday. I would encourage our colleagues across the aisle to complete negotiations so we can advance this important matter. McConnell spent about five minutes huddling with Senate Minority Leader Harry Reid (D-Nev.) on Monday afternoon as they sought to strike a deal that would allow the Senate to recess as soon as the end of the week. But the tentative resolution on Zika funding sets aside, for now, one of the toughest sticking points in the short-term spending measure. Senate Democrats had repeatedly filibustered a standalone Zika bill over restrictions that barred Planned Parenthood particularly Profamilias, the health care provider s partner in Puerto Rico from the federal funds. But in the CR, the Puerto Rico clinic would have access to the money, which would come through a $95 million social services block grant in a broader $1.1 billion Zika package, multiple sources said. Language in the emerging deal does not specify which providers are eligible or ineligible for funding, skirting a political landmine that s delayed Zika aid for months. Despite the breakthrough on emergency funding for the battle against the mosquito-borne disease, several wrinkles remain in the continuing negotiations. In a brief interview Monday morning, Reid said no when asked whether there would be a deal on government funding later in the day. Close is relative, Reid responded when asked whether an agreement was within reach. For instance, funding for the water crisis in Flint, Michigan, continues to be in the mix. Democrats on both ends of the Capitol have lobbied for Flint funds to be included in the government spending package, in particular the aid package included in a Senate water resources bill. But Republicans have similar demands: additional funding for flood-stricken Louisiana in the short-term spending measure. Both issues remained unresolved as of Monday evening, although senior Senate Democrats suggested they wouldn t accept flood aid without also getting money for Flint. Congressional leaders are also still hashing out how to pay for the Zika funding package. Louisiana is not resolved because [Republicans] want to do Louisiana, we want to do Flint, Sen. Chuck Schumer (D-N.Y.) told reporters Monday evening. They don t want to do Flint. Another issue that remains up in the air is a potential delay in the Obama administration s proposal to hand over the U.S. government s authority over the Internet domain system to an international body on Oct. 1 a push that s being led by Texas Sen. Ted Cruz and a host of other Republican lawmakers. If no deference is paid to Cruz and those lawmakers, the spending bill could turn into an internecine fight among Republicans even with some pushback on the provision from Democrats. This is the coordination of the domain names. It s not who has control of the Internet, Florida Sen. Bill Nelson, the top Democrat on the committee with jurisdiction over the issue, said Monday. And every institution, nationally and internationally, have all said that this is the appropriate thing to do. Meanwhile, Democrats want to include language restoring the ability of the Export-Import Bank to finance projects greater than $10 million which it hasn t been able to do because three of the five seats on the bank s board are vacant. The Ex-Im issue is similarly toxic among Republicans, making it a difficult matter to take up ahead of an election. There are other items that could fill up the Senate s legislative calendar this week before lawmakers return home until the November elections. Sens. Chris Murphy (D-Conn.) and Rand Paul (R-Ky.) plan to force a Senate vote to block a $1.15 billion arms sale to Saudi Arabia that the Obama administration announced last month. Senate Majority Whip John Cornyn (R-Texas) said the exact timing of that vote was unclear, particularly because he would like to have the government funding measure resolved before moving on to other issues. Cornyn would also like to pair the arms sale vote with a roll call to formally override an expected veto by President Barack Obama of legislation that would allow family members of victims of the Sept. 11, 2001, terrorism attacks to sue the government of Saudi Arabia. Though Obama has not yet vetoed the measure, he has until Friday to do so. Republicans who are eager to return home to campaign for reelection, particularly with control of the Senate in the balance privately believe Democrats will try to drag out the negotiations as long as possible before the Sept. 30 deadline to pass government funding. Heather Caygle contributed to this report. Authors:
Former Miss Universe sizes up Melania Trump: 'I think I speak more English'
Both women are former models, but Alicia Machado attacked Melania Trump for failing to do more to help those around her as the wife of a prominent political figure. | Getty Former Miss Universe sizes up Melania Trump: 'I think I speak more English' Alicia Machado, the former Miss Universe who vaulted into the political spotlight Monday night as the latest example of Donald Trump s derogatory remarks about women, said the GOP nominee s wife, Melania, is a decoration with limited English-speaking skills. In an interview with Cosmopolitan magazine published Tuesday, Machado drew a clear line between her own immigration story and that of Melania Trump. Both women are former models, but Machado attacked Melania Trump for failing to do more to help those around her as the wife of a prominent political figure. Story Continued Below I think I speak more English than her, Machado said. I don t see anything about this girl. She s a doll. She s a decoration. That is how I see her. Donald Trump was harshly critical of Machado during her tenure as Miss Universe, calling her Miss Piggy and Miss Housekeeping, the latter a reference to her Hispanic heritage. Machado told Cosmopolitan that those remarks triggered a relapse of her bulimia that took several years to escape. Machado, who was also crowned Miss Venezuela, became an American citizen in August, something she told Cosmopolitan she did specifically to vote against Trump. Tuesday morning, Trump admitted that Democratic nominee Hillary Clinton had gotten under his skin a little bit by bringing up Machado at the debate. He said the pageant winner gained a massive amount of weight, and it was a real problem. That person was a Miss Universe person, and she was the worst we ever had. The worst, the absolute worst. She was impossible, and she was a Miss Universe contestant and ultimately a winner who they had a tremendously difficult time with as Miss Universe, Trump said on Fox News Fox & Friends. She was the winner, and, you know, she gained a massive amount of weight, and it was a real problem. We had a real problem. Not only that, her attitude, and we had a real problem with her, so Hillary went back into the years and she found this girl. This was many years ago, and found the girl and talked about her like she was Mother Teresa, and it wasn t quite that way, but that s OK. Hillary has to do what she has to do. Authors:
Ivanka Trump to meet with female Republican Congress members
Story highlights Ivanka Trump will be attending a roundtable hosted by Washington Rep. Cathy McMorris Rodgers Trump will hear about the issues GOP House members and Senators are working on in Congress Washington (CNN) Ivanka Trump will join female Republican House members and senators Tuesday in Washington to promote the GOP nominee's proposals on child care, in a continued effort by father's presidential campaign to reach out to women voters. The highest-ranking female House GOP leader, Washington Rep. Cathy McMorris Rodgers, is hosting the roundtable at the Republican National Committee, according to Donald Trump's campaign and a GOP congressional source. McMorris Rodgers worked closely with Trump's daughter on the plans that were officially unveiled last week at an event in suburban Philadelphia. McMorris Rodgers is the only House member to give birth three times while in office. Ivanka Trump is a top adviser and surrogate for her father's campaign and frequently mentions his record of hiring female executives in top positions in his businesses. As a mother of three Trump did several interviews with national outlets about the campaign's new proposals for paid maternity leave and more affordable child care. But she abruptly ended an interview with Cosmopolitan Magazine when the reporter pressed her on previous comments by Donald Trump on pregnant employees, accusing the interviewer of bias. Tuesday's session will cover workplace flexibility, child care, equal pay and the policies the campaign rolled out last week. Trump will also hear from the roughly 15 House members and senators about the issues they are working on in Congress, according to two GOP sources familiar with the plans. Read More
Barney Frank: Tea party outmaneuvered Democrats
Story highlights Barney Frank says the tea party was better at mobilizing Frank says he thinks bipartisanship can return to Congress if Hillary Clinton is elected The Axe Files, featuring David Axelrod, is a podcast distributed by CNN and produced at the University of Chicago Institute of Politics. The author works for David Axelrod. Kiev (CNN) He was one of the most effective legislators in Washington, an icon of Democratic politics. Now Barney Frank says the left has been outmaneuvered by the tea party and the populist right. "To my great regret, the tea party movement has had much more impact on American politics than Occupy Wall Street," Frank, former congressman from Massachusetts, said to David Axelrod on "The Axe Files" podcast, produced by the University of Chicago Institute of Politics and CNN. "Because the tea party people correctly understood that, for them, what they needed to do was to get control of the political machinery, to register people to vote, to vote in primaries, and influence public policy," Frank continued. "Occupy Wall Street decided that they would bring about great change by smoking pot and having drum circles, and it turns out voting in primaries is a better way to do it." The key to bringing about political change, Frank believes, is not allowing one's ideals to overwhelm the sense of moral duty inherent in public service. "I do believe that, clearly, idealism comes first. You don't belong trying to run other people's lives unless you're committed to ideals," Frank said. "But the more idealistic you are, the more morally you are obligated to be pragmatic." Read More
BREAKING: North Carolina Drops Anti-LGBT 'Bathroom Bill' Lawsuit Against US
North Carolina's governor has dropped a lawsuit asking a federal court to preserve the state's HB2 law limiting civil rights protections for LGBT people and regulating who uses which public bathrooms. In court documents Friday, Gov. Pat McCrory cited "substantial costs to the State" as one reason for dropping his lawsuit against the federal government, writing that it did not serve the "interests of judicial economy and efficiency." Businesses, performing artists and event organizers have boycotted the state since House Bill 2 was passed. In July, the NBA announced it was pulling its February All-Star Game out of Charlotte, saying in a statement, "We do not believe we can successfully host our All-Star festivities in Charlotte in the climate created by the current law." This month, the NCAA and the Atlantic Coast Conference both moved championship sporting events out of the state. McCrory sued the federal government in May, after U.S. Attorney General Loretta Lynch said HB2 violated both the Civil Rights Act and Title IX and threatened to withhold federal funding to the state. The Department of Justice countersued, seeking to ban enforcement on the grounds that the law is, as Lynch said at the time, "impermissibly discriminatory." Did You Know It's Legal In Most States To Discriminate Against LGBT People? IT'S ALL POLITICS Did You Know It's Legal In Most States To Discriminate Against LGBT People? North Carolina Passes Law Blocking Measures To Protect LGBT People THE TWO-WAY North Carolina Passes Law Blocking Measures To Protect LGBT People "This action is about a great deal more than just bathrooms. This is about the dignity and respect we accord our fellow citizens and the laws that we, as a people and as a country, have enacted to protect them indeed, to protect all of us," Lynch said at a news conference. North Carolina is also fighting another lawsuit challenging the law's constitutionality. That suit, brought by the American Civil Liberties Union, was filed in March on behalf of Joaquin Carca o, a 27-year-old transgender man who works at the University of North Carolina at Chapel Hill and is banned from using public men's restrooms under the law. Some local support for the law is waning, as well. After months of bad business news and widespread condemnation by other state governments, at least two state legislators who helped pass the law now want it repealed. North Carolina state Sens. Tamara Barringer and Rick Gunn have both backed off their initial support for the law. Barringer says she voted for the law out of concern about "safety and particularly privacy in bathrooms." But last week, she told NPR she has changed her mind: "There's several factors that have changed my mind. It is having a tremendous adverse economic impact on the families of North Carolina. These are jobs. These are the way we support our families, the way we fund education. "It is also creating the wrong impression of North Carolinians in the world or across the nation. Last week, I had the privilege of representing North Carolina on an education mission to Arizona State University. "But at lunch, someone asked the question, 'Senator Barringer, what is this HB2 thing?' And that really caught me in my tracks, that, all the way across the country, someone is asking this. "And then, finally, the other thing that has galvanized me is we have talked hundreds of hours... since April about HB-2. And yes, it is an important issue, but we need to move on to the business of North Carolina." McCrory has said he still stands by the ideas in the law, which makes it illegal for local governments in the state to pass laws protecting LGBT people from discrimination. But his office said last week that the governor would repeal the law if the city of Charlotte repeals a local ordinance protecting LGBT people from discrimination, according to the Charlotte Observer. That local ordinance, which never took effect because the state law overruled it, would have prevented businesses from discriminating against gay, lesbian, bisexual and transgender people in Charlotte, and allowed people to use the locker rooms and bathrooms corresponding to the gender with which they identify. North Carolina Sues DOJ Over LGBT Law; DOJ Sues Back THE TWO-WAY North Carolina Sues DOJ Over LGBT Law; DOJ Sues Back The Charlotte City Council considered such a repeal in May, but it was voted down. The city's mayor, Jennifer Roberts, said the issue of whether to repeal the ordinance will not be on the agenda when the city council meets Monday evening. While city leaders "applaud the governor for recognizing the state should overturn HB2," Roberts wrote in a statement Monday, she argued that Charlotte does not bear responsibility for the state law, noting the state Legislature can overturn it "at any time without any action from the City of Charlotte."
Howard Dean ROASTS Trump Over Debate Sniffles: Coke User ? (TWEETS)
In the first half of the debate, Donald Trump seemed bogged down by some very distracting sniffles. After peddling for weeks a lucrative conspiracy that Hillary Clinton is too sick to be Commander-In-Chief, one must ask themselves why Trump couldn t stop sniffling. Is he sick? Was he holding back tears (after being pummeled by Clinton)? Howard Dean, former head of the DNC and presidential candidate, has a more unconventional answer: he was on drugs. Dean, who is now a contributor for MSNBC, tweeted last night: Notice Trump sniffing all the time. Coke user? Howard Dean (@GovHowardDean) September 27, 2016 Trump supporters took to Twitter to express outrage, completely forgetting that their preferred candidate spent weeks fueling sexist attacks against Clinton and her stamina abilities. But hey, get offended when Dean points out what could be the obvious. After all, Trump did protect a cocaine trafficker from serving proper jail time by pulling some strings in the justice system. And considering he hasn t released any medical records, who knows what adverse effects drugs (if he does them) has done to his body and mental state. Of course Trump denied he was sniffling, even though the rancid sounds were heard by millions of watchers across the country (and the globe) and the Republican nominee denies that he is sick. So that begs the question: what else could it be. Dean s assertion is just that an assertion. It has no factual ground to stand on, but it is ironic to see how Trump supporters react when a conspiracy is made against their candidate. Perhaps they (and Trump) will think long and hard before trying to paint Clinton as anything she s not. If this debate showed one thing, it s that Hillary came out on top and Trump is not happy about it. Why not have a little fun at his petulant behavior? Howard Dean is. Featured image via Joe Readle/Getty Images
Obama: 'There's a reason why we haven't had a woman President'
Story highlights President Barack Obama said sexism is still a society problem Obama attacked Donald Trump while praising Clinton and how she contributed to his administration (CNN) President Barack Obama on Sunday suggested sexism in society could be hurting Hillary Clinton's White House bid. "There's a reason why we haven't had a woman president; that we as a society still grapple with what it means to see powerful women," Obama said at a DNC fundraiser in New York City. "And it still troubles us in a lot of ways, unfairly, and that expresses itself in all sorts of ways." Obama used his short speech at the event to praise Clinton while simultaneously ripping into Republican nominee Donald Trump. "It's an infomercial. It's a reality show," Obama said of the Manhattan businessman. "This guy is not qualified to be president." The remarks from Obama come just one day after he made an impassioned plea to African-American voters at the Congressional Black Caucus gala in Washington, D.C., urging them to work to stop Trump. Read More
Michelle Obama jokes about Melania Trump plagiarism: 'Yeah, that was tough'
Story highlights Michelle Obama was a guest on "The Late Show" with Stephen Colbert on Tuesday night The first lady discussed being a political spouse and promoted some of her signature issues (CNN) Michelle Obama on Tuesday joked about the plagiarism controversy that engulfed Melania Trump during the Republican National Convention, delivering a dry retort when "The Late Show" host Stephen Colbert asked the first lady if she was sympathetic to the plight of a fellow political spouse. "Melania Trump was criticized for using what turned out to be a portion of your speech -- but do you have any sympathy? Because there are people around her creating things, and you know, I have sympathy for her. Do you understand how that might be sympathetic, for what happened to her?" the CBS host asked. "Yeah, that was tough," Obama deadpanned, prompting laughs from the audience. Colbert also asked the first lady if she was sympathetic to political spouses who are required to stand behind partners whose political beliefs are antithetical to their own -- a premise Obama flatly rejected. "Do you have any sympathy for the people who have to go there and stand by the person running for president?" Read More
NFL Superstar Unleashes 4 Word Bombshell on Reporter Pushing Him to Protest Anthem
McCain Criticized Trump for Arpaio s Pardon Sheriff Joe Fires Perfect Response Joe Arpaio may not be in office any more, but that doesn't mean America's toughest sheriff has lost his step... check out how he eviscerated John McCain after McCain attacked Donald J. Trump for pardoning the Arizona lawman. Read more
Trump Gets ANNIHILATED On Twitter After He Pretends He Didn t Just Trash Police Officers (TWEETS)
On Monday, Donald Trump fulfilled his duty as a presidential candidate by praising law enforcement for catching Ahmad Khan Rahami, who was responsible for the Saturday bombing in New York City. This would have normally been a nice gesture, if it hadn t been a contradiction of something Trump had said just a few minutes before. Fortunately, whenever Trump flip-flops or lies, Americans are able to instantly respond and call him out on his bullsh*t via social media and they didn t hesitate to remind Trump that just a few minutes before he congratulated law enforcement for Rahami s capture, he d dissed the NYPD for allowing political correctness to interfere with catching terrorists. Among the first to point this out was MSNBC s Christopher Hayes, who tweeted: Hayes was referring to a disrespectful comment Trump had made on Fox and Friends shortly before he congratulated the police officers, in which he said: You know, our police are amazing, our local police. They know who a lot of these people are, they are afraid to do anything about it, because they don t want to be accused of profiling, and they don t want to be accused of all sorts of things. Yup Trump had accused the NYPD of being cowards and knowing who terrorists are, yet he has the nerve to congratulate them in almost the same time frame. Other people recognized this epic fail as well, and blasted the Republican nominee for being so untrustworthy and two-faced: This tweet was particularly funny, and I m sure there will be some backlash for Trump to deal with: Throughout his presidential campaign, Trump has defended law enforcement far more fiercely than African American police brutality victims to help paint the picture that he is a law and order candidate. But thanks to his asinine comments about law enforcement having blood on their hands by assisting terrorists, Trump has probably just ruined a year of pro-law enforcement campaigning. Featured image via Spencer Platt / Getty Images
Good News Folks, God Is Now Protecting Donald Trump From A Concentrated Satanic Attack (VIDEO)
Were you worried that Donald Trump might fall victim to a concentrated Satanic attack? Yeah? Well, you aren t alone. But good news folks, you don t have to worry about that anymore! God himself is now protecting the GOP nominee from the Dark Lord. On Wednesday, Trump attended the Midwest Vision and Values Pastors Leadership conference in Cleveland. Trump-loving black man who lost his damn mind pastor Darrell Scott was worried that Satan might be after Trump too, which is ironic since most of us assumed the Republican nominee was working for the Prince of Darkness already. Scott claims that before Trump began is bid for the presidency, a nationally known preacher warned him that if you choose to run for president, there s going to be a concentrated Satanic attack against you. He said there s going to be a demon, principalities and powers, that are going to war against you on a level that you ve never seen before and I m watching it every day, Scott said. Scott s wife, Belinda Scott, prayed over Trump as those around him laid hands on the bigoted billionaire, making sure Satan knew they were serious, dammit: God we ask you right now that Your choice is this choice. God, I ask that you would touch this man, Donald J. Trump, she continued, give him the anointing to lead this nation. Because what would Jesus do? Well, duh! He d make America great again. And naturally, he would use a racist demagogue to do it. (*Insert eye roll here.) Personally, I think they are a little late. At this point, they probably should have moved straight to an exorcism before his head starts spinning around. Watch Trump become immune to Satan, here: [youtube Featured image via video screen capture
McConnell, Pelosi, Ryan seek deal on government funding impasse
AP Photo McConnell, Pelosi, Ryan seek deal on government funding impasse A total of $170 million for the Flint water crisis is added to the WRDA bill. Speaker Paul Ryan, Senate Majority Leader Mitch McConnell and House Minority Leader Nancy Pelosi are trying to hash out an agreement to break an impasse over government funding as the Sept. 30 budget deadline fast approaches. In a series of three-way discussions on Tuesday night, the trio of party leaders were forging a compromise to extend government funding until Dec. 9. In turn, Republicans would provide an "iron-clad commitment" that funding to address the water crisis in Flint, Michigan, will be included in the Water Resources Development Act, which covers hundreds of federal water projects. Story Continued Below Late Tuesday, congressional leaders made headway on at least one part of the multi-layered discussions: Pelosi and Ryan agreed to incorporate an amendment to the sweeping waters legislation that would add about $170 million in federal aid for Flint. "The amendment represents a bipartisan agreement between Speaker Ryan and Leader Pelosi to allow germane authorization language to be added to WRDA as an amendment that will, at the end of the day, provide the necessary funding Flint needs in the final WRDA conference report," a Pelosi aide said late Tuesday night. The water resources legislation could head to the House floor as early as Wednesday. Pelosi and other Democrats had refused to support any continuing resolution, or a CR, to keep the government open without the Flint funding. Ryan, for his part, faced problems rounding up GOP votes for a short-term funding bill. With Ryan and Pelosi holding direct talks, a deal was expected soon to break the impasse. McConnell and Pelosi had also held discussions on the Flint-WRDA issue, said GOP and Democratic sources. McConnell had been pushing to include Flint funding in the WRDA package. Meanwhile, Senate Minority Leader Harry Reid (D-Nev.) had been making his own insistence for Flint aid clear with Republicans. Earlier, Senate Republicans had been considering stripping Louisiana disaster aid money from the stalled stopgap spending bill, which in theory could have resolved Senate Democratic objections to the legislation and ultimately stave off a government shutdown at the end of the week. That proposal had come after Democrats voted Tuesday to reject the stopgap spending measure which would keep the government open until Dec. 9 because the package provides money for Louisiana and other states but did nothing to address Flint. McConnell had been expected to unveil a revised legislative text with no Louisiana disaster relief, one senior GOP leadership aide said, but any formal action will now wait until Wednesday. The Kentucky Republican floated the idea at a news conference Tuesday shortly before the procedural vote failed 45-55, far short of the 60-vote threshold. "We keep hearing that their position is no Flint, no floods," McConnell said. "That's certainly an option worth discussing." Informed of that comment, Reid told reporters he wanted to see exactly what McConnell would do, and again said Democrats wanted relief for both Louisiana and Flint. But other Democrats suggested the move would pave the way to a resolution. "If Louisiana were not in there, it would reduce the profile of disaster aid in this bill. And that would be helpful, said Senate Minority Whip Richard Durbin. There's still really deep felt feelings by our Michigan senators and many others that this is just fundamentally unfair to the victims in Flint and we don't trust the House to help at all, Durbin added. House Minority Whip Steny Hoyer also said Democrats wanted assistance for victims in both communities, but that they would likely back a so-called continuing resolution that included aid for neither. I doubt that we would turn that down, he told reporters. Hoyer said Democrats would insist the legislation still contain $1.1 billion to combat the Zika virus, which has long been stalled on Capitol Hill. The measure also includes popular provisions to fund veterans programs and implement a July law to curb prescription opioid addiction. Senate Republicans had argued that the proper place for Flint aid is water infrastructure bill moving through Congress. The Senate passed the Water Resources Development Act, which includes $220 million for Flint and other communities with failing infrastructure, on a 95-3 vote earlier this month. Why do you feel as if you have to punish people in Louisiana who are digging out from a flood sounds kind of crazy, but they have mud in their home they have to dig out for Flint when there s a pathway forward on Flint through the WRDA bill? argued GOP Sen. Bill Cassidy, who has repeatedly pressed the need for flood aid for his home state of Louisiana. Still, despite vows from some Senate Republicans that Flint aid will be included in any final bill negotiated by the House and Senate in a lame duck session, Democrats had been skeptical. Meanwhile, Democrats also objected to language in the stopgap bill that continues a prohibition on the Securities and Exchange Commission s ability to require corporate disclosure of political spending. But that provision has been a secondary issue to the fight over Flint. McConnell and Reid each accused the other of bringing the federal government to the brink of a shutdown, but few think such a politically-damaging scenario would take place just weeks before the presidential election. If the Senate is able to pass a funding bill, the House would be expected to follow suit relatively quickly. Among the 45 votes in favor of the bill were four Democrats, including those representing conservative leaning states, like Jon Tester of Montana, Joe Manchin of West Virginia and Joe Donnelly of Indiana, as well as Bill Nelson of Florida, where the Zika virus is spreading quickly. Thirteen Republicans joined most Democrats in voting against the bill, including conservatives Ted Cruz of Texas and Mike Lee of Utah, and South Carolina s Lindsey Graham. Cruz led a failed fight to include language blocking the Obama administration from relinquishing oversight of the Internet domain system to an international body. Graham promised to oppose the bill because it would not lift financing restrictions on the Export-Import Bank. Heather Caygle, Rachael Bade and Annie Snider contributed to this story. Authors:
Libertarian candidates: We will alter course of the election
"I'm not going to lose one minute of sleep ruining this two party monopoly that is going on," Gary Johnson said. | AP Photo Libertarian candidates: We will alter course of the election Despite not making it to the first debate stage, both parts of the Libertarian ticket agree they are "going to alter the course of this election whether or not we're in the debates." Last week, it was determined that Libertarian candidate Gary Johnson and Green Party candidate Jill Stein did not make the cut for the first presidential debate, which will be held Sept. 26. Despite that, on Sunday in an interview that aired on "60 Minutes," Johnson and running mate William Weld agreed with interviewer Steve Kroft that their ticket still has the ability to make an impact. Story Continued Below Johnson said 70 percent of America do not know either him or Weld. At the end of the day, the former New Mexico governor said the Libertarian ticket is taking votes from both Democratic nominee Hillary Clinton and Republican nominee Donald Trump. "This is both sides, man, this is both barrels," Johnson said on the CBS news program. "I'm not going to lose one minute of sleep ruining this two party monopoly that is going on. I think they are dinosaurs and I think we're the comet in this whole equation. I'm glad for it." For his part, Weld said he thought their ticket would hurt Trump more. "I think at the end of the day, it would be most likely Trump than Clinton," the former Massachusetts's governor said. Johnson also acknowledged his recent gaffe, where he could not identify what the Syrian city of Aleppo was. He said there is no quicker way to fix mistakes than acknowledging them in the first place. "I am human, I have a filter, it starts with honesty, it starts with the truth. When I was asked the question, the first thing that came to my mind is this is an acronym," Johnson said. "You know so many people have said 90 percent of American doesn't know Aleppo, well 90 percent of America is not running for president of the United States. No excuse, no excuse." Authors:
NFL Superstar Unleashes 4 Word Bombshell on Reporter Pushing Him to Protest Anthem
McCain Criticized Trump for Arpaio s Pardon Sheriff Joe Fires Perfect Response Joe Arpaio may not be in office any more, but that doesn't mean America's toughest sheriff has lost his step... check out how he eviscerated John McCain after McCain attacked Donald J. Trump for pardoning the Arizona lawman. Read more
Trump hints Obama to blame for Charlotte unrest
Trump hints Obama to blame for Charlotte unrest But he also presented himself as someone who could heal America's racial divide. Donald Trump on Thursday pinned the blame for the turmoil in Charlotte, North Carolina, on President Barack Obama, suggesting that the violent protests there show a wounded country that looks bad to the world. Pausing for roughly 10 minutes during an energy speech in Pittsburgh to address the Charlotte unrest, Trump also presented himself as the man to heal America s racial divide. Story Continued Below Before going any further today, I want to address the turmoil unfolding right now in our country, and it seems to be a never-ending problem, Trump said. America desperately needs unity, and it needs the spirit of togetherness that has not really only got us through our toughest times, and we ve had some tough times, but which has lifted us up in the past to our greatest achievements as a nation. He called for a swift end to violence against citizens and law enforcement, insisting that such actions hurt law-abiding African-American families most, and proposed a national anti-crime agenda to address what he characterized as a national crisis. He also vowed to make American cities safer by appointing the best prosecutors, investigators and federal law enforcement officers and sympathized with police officers, who carry an immense responsibility but must be trained properly, respect the public and be held accountable for any wrongdoing. And he took a shot at Obama s leadership, or lack thereof. We all have to walk a mile in someone else s shoes, see things through their eyes and then get to work fixing our very wounded country. I mean, it s we have some real problems, and we do have a wounded country, Trump said. Many Americans are watching the unrest in Charlotte unfolding right before their eyes on the TV screens. Others are witnessing the chaos and the violence firsthand. Our country looks bad to the world, especially when we are supposed to be the world s leader. How can we lead when we can t even control our own cities? Trump, who emphasized that it will be the 45th president s responsibility to address this crisis and save African-American lives, has made an attempt to gain support from African-Americans in recent weeks, albeit through a narrative of poorly educated, impoverished black people who live in crime-ridden inner cities and who, after years of Democratic policies he says has failed them, have nothing to lose by supporting his campaign. Trump's overtures to black voters often made in front of overwhelmingly white audiences have done little to dent Hillary Clinton's 80-point advantage among African- Americans. And his sometimes ham-fisted appeals have come along with statements that have done himself further damage: Only hours earlier, he recommended a controversial stop-and-frisk policy, a policing tactic that has been found to disproportionately targets minorities, to curb violence in Chicago, Obama's hometown, and made the unsubstantiated claim that drugs are a very, very big factor in what's happening in Charlotte. Still, Trump has tried to cast himself as a unifying figure. Earlier Thursday, during a phone interview with Fox and Friends, the Republican presidential nominee said there just seems that there s a lack of spirit between the white and the black. I mean, it s a terrible thing that we re witnessing, he continued. You re seeing it. I'm seeing it, and you look at what went on last night in Charlotte a great place and you just see it. Protests over the killing of Keith Lamont Scott, a black man who was fatally shot by police on Tuesday, turned violent on Wednesday night, leading North Carolina Gov. Pat McCrory to declare a state of emergency in Charlotte. By Thursday, Charlotte officials and Scott's family were arguing over whether he had been carrying a gun when he was shot. Charlotte-Mecklenburg Police Chief Kerr Putney told reporters that police believe Scott was armed, though he acknowledged that a video of his encounter does not prove that conclusively. Putney said the video would be shown to Scott's family but did not commit to releasing it to the public. At a press conference Thursday afternoon, attorneys for Scott s family refused to commit to calling for the video to be made public or to addressing the media after viewing it. Charles Monnett, one of the family s lawyers, said the family's decision would depend on whether the video "can somehow help us reach that truth." Justin Bamberg, another of the family s attorney s, said he had not seen any evidence that a gun was present at the scene where Scott was shot. Bamberg dismissed photos showing a gun at the scene by remarking that pictures pop up online all the time. They come from different sources. He said that as far as he was aware, Scott did not own a gun. Bamberg also confirmed that Scott s wife was present when he was shot. At the end of the day, my priority is the greater good of this family first. That has to be understood, Bamberg said when asked why the family s legal team would not commit to calling for the video to be made public. Yes, we want transparency. We don't create the facts. We live with the facts. But you can't take the burden that is placed on law enforcement as sworn officers and public servants and put that on a deceased person for their family who is in mourning. The Obama administration, meanwhile, urged calm -- but the president himself had not made a statement as of 5:00 p.m. ET on Thursday. Attorney General Loretta Lynch addressed the difficulties her home state faces but warned against any violent reactions. I know that these are difficult times, and I know that the events of recent days are painfully unclear and they call out for answers, she said. But I also know that the answer will not be found in the violence of recent days. Let us seek all peaceful way forward. White House press secretary Josh Earnest said that the vast majority of people had demonstrated peacefully. Unfortunately, we've seen situations in which a small number of people take advantage of that peaceful public protest to engage in criminal activity and, in some cases, violence, he said. We've often heard from the families of those who were killed urging people with concerns to express those concerns peacefully and to not perpetuate the cycle of violence. Those have often been quite powerful calls and those are calls that the president has strongly supported. Wednesday's violence erupted as residents, outraged over Scott's death and that of an unarmed black man in Tulsa, Oklahoma, last week, looted and vandalized cars and businesses in downtown Charlotte. According to reports, police in riot gear used tear gas to try to calm protesters, several of whom were injured, including one who was shot by another protester, police said. I see it even going out. There s such a lack of there s a lack of spirit, Trump said. There s a lack of something. Something s going on that s bad, and what s going on between police and others is getting worse. The real estate mogul renewed his call for law and order, pitching it as the solution to the unrest in Charlotte and outrage nationwide over police-involved shootings of black men, who in many cases have been unarmed when they were fatally shot. Well, it s wow, here we go again, Trump said. It s very sad. When you look at what s going on, it s very sad. It s very divided, our country, and it s getting worse. I m not overly surprised to see it, but it s happening. Trump argued that a dialogue between police and the communities they serve won t solve this problem, pointing to the ambush in Dallas this summer, when a black man killed five officers and injured a dozen more. If you look at Dallas, there was a dialogue. They prided themselves on dialogue, Trump said. And they were constantly talking and meeting and having community groups and, you know, that was that was a pretty rough situation, to put it mildly. A terrible, terrible situation. That sounds good. It sounds right, but there s something deeper than that. What s necessary, Trump maintained, is a combination of law and order and leadership that can unify a divided nation, leadership he intimated is lacking from America s current leader. Well, it really has to be you have to have law and order at the time, you have to have, you know, you have to have a certain spirit, a certain unity, and there s no unity, Trump said. You look at the level of hatred, the, you know, the rocks being thrown and everything happening. It s so sad to see. You know, this is the United States of America. I mean, it s so sad to see. But there s just no unity. There has to be a unity message that has to get out, and it starts with leadership. But what Trump didn t say explicitly, his surrogates did. Former House Speaker Newt Gingrich and former New York Mayor Rudy Giuliani appeared in separate Fox News segments in which they both slammed Obama s lack of leadership. First of all, it s a tragedy that eight years after our first African-American president took office, eight years after we ve had two African-American attorney generals, the gap and the hostility, if anything, is worse, and I think that s a tragic failure of leadership, Gingrich said. But my guess is he was afraid it d make him a black president in a narrowing sense, he added. He could have launched a program to try to rebuild and reopen and re-engineer hope in these communities. And instead, he became the person who talked about, you know, the Cambridge policeman was wrong, and, you know, Ferguson was wrong and why Florida was wrong. Giuliani said Obama should have lectured Americans on constitutional law Wednesday. Referring to last Friday s shooting death of Terence Crutcher, who was unarmed with his hands raised when he was fatally shot by a white police officer, the former New York mayor acknowledged that that incident was a more difficult situation than what transpired in Charlotte that belongs in the ambiguous, troubling category. But even there, you gotta say to people, Wait, let the investigation play out. The president of the United States should have said that yesterday, Giuliani said. The president of the United States should have given people a teeny bit of a lecture on constitutional law, that we presume people innocent, and that same presumption exists for police officers as everyone else. Authors:
US boy, six, asks Obama if he can adopt Omran Daqneesh
Story highlights Boy sent letter to Barack Obama, offering to take in five-year-old Syrian refugee Omran. After posting the letter on Facebook, the US President urged readers: "We should all be more like Alex." (CNN) A six-year-old boy from New York has won the respect of US President Barack Obama and thousands of others after he offered to take in Omran Daqneesh, a little boy who was injured after his home in Aleppo, Syria, was bombed. The image of five-year-old Omran sat alone in an ambulance, covered in dust and blood, shocked the world and inspired six-year-old Alex, from Scarsdale, New York, to take action. In a handwritten letter sent to the White House, Alex asked Obama to go and collect Omran and bring him to his house where "we will be waiting for you guys with flags, flowers, and balloons." In his letter to Obama, Alex offered to teach Omran how to ride a bike. Alex said that Omran could be part of his family, and offered to be his brother. He said he would teach him how to speak English, to ride a bike and added that his sister Catherine would share her toys with him. Obama read Alex's words aloud in a speech he gave at the United Nations earlier this week, before posting a video of Alex reading the letter himself to Facebook. Read More
New York Times Will FINALLY Start Calling Trump A "Liar"
36.2k SHARES SHARE THIS STORY The New York Times has joined a number of other major print media publications in denouncing Donald Trump as a liar. Writers at Quartz have noted that in at least five articles in the New York Times on Sept. 17, including the lead story in the print edition, the words lie, false, falsely claimed and untrue appeared in headlines, lead paragraphs, and top sections of the paper s Trump coverage. Executive editor Dean Baquet said that I think our investigative work see [the Sept. 17] story on Trump s tax breaks has always been hard hitting. But we have decided to be more direct in calling things out when a candidate actually lies The birther issue represents, well, outright lying. And he lied over a long period. It is a real word and we will use it when warranted. Hopefully this dramatic shift in tone will be a cue to the rest of the mainstream media to abandon their insistence on treating Trump s statements with more legitimacy than they deserve out of a desire to remain impartial. The right-wing has been exploiting that impartiality for far too long. The Republican primary debates were filled with outright falsehoods and imaginary statistics that largely went unchallenged; and Trump s entire campaign is based on statements which are simply untrue. But it appears that Trump s attempt to gaslight the nation and convince us that it was actually Democratic nominee Hillary Clinton that created the birther myth (which is decidedly false) was the last straw for the highly respected editors at the New York Times. Add your name to millions demanding that Congress take action on the President s crimes. IMPEACH DONALD TRUMP!
Trump 'happy' he didn't bring up Bill Clinton's affairs
Trump 'happy' he didn't bring up Bill Clinton's affairs Donald Trump made his way into the spin room moments after the close of the debate and told reporters he was proud that he did not bring up former president Bill Clinton s extramarital affairs. I m very happy that I was able to hold back on the indiscretions with respect to Bill Clinton, Trump said to a gaggle of reporters. Because I have a lot of respect for Chelsea Clinton and I just didn t want to say what I was going to say. Story Continued Below And what exactly, a reporter asked, was that going to be? I ll tell you maybe at the next debate, we ll see, he responded. A candidate s presence in the spin room, where surrogates and advisers typically pitch their take on the debate to reporters, was unusual. But Trump, with his wife Melania at his side, took a few questions. I think it went better than I ever thought, he said of the debate. I loved it, I loved it. Authors:
How Congress Can Override President Obama's Veto of the 9/11 Bill
On Wednesday, the Senate is expected to override President Obama's veto, for the first time, on a bill that would allow the families of 9/11 victims to sue Saudi Arabia. So how exactly does a veto override work? The rules are described in Article 1, Section 7 of the Constitution. When the president rejects a bill, he is required to return it, along with his objections, to the chamber in which the bill originated. Then, the members of that chamber "shall enter the Objections at large on their Journal, and proceed to reconsider it." In other words, the president sends vetoed Senate bills back to the Senate to reconsider first and vetoed House bills back to the House to reconsider first. In this case, the Justice Against Sponsors of Terrorism Act, or JASTA, began in the Senate, so the Senate votes first. Both the House and the Senate require a two-thirds majority to successfully override a president's veto. Both chambers also require the "yeas and nays" to be counted. In the House, the members vote using the electronic voting system and in the Senate they take a roll call vote, in which each senator s name is called by the clerk. Though the Senate received President Obama s veto message on Friday, they re not voting on it until Wednesday. This is common, according to the Congressional Research Service, because it gives senators time to work out the terms under which they will reconsider the vetoed bill, including the amount of debate time on the Senate floor. Then, when the vetoed bill comes up for a vote, the presiding officer of that chamber states, "Shall the bill pass, the objections of the President of the United States to the contrary notwithstanding?" While some Senate Democrats and Republicans have concerns that the JASTA bill would open the United States up to similar legal retaliation from other foreign nations and tarnish its relationship with Saudi Arabia, a key Middle East ally, the veto override is expected to easily garner the two-thirds votes needed to pass. Assuming it clears the Senate, the JASTA veto override will then head to the House, where the same voting process will ensue. If the veto override is successful in the House and the Senate, the bill will become law because two-thirds of both chambers have agreed to pass the bill despite the president's objection.
Trump Campaign Chair Says Racism Didn t Exist Before Obama Promptly Resigns
President Obama is right it appears the people running the Trump campaign skipped their history and civics classes. After Donald Trump got a lashing from black activists after claiming it s never been worse for them than it is right now, one would think the campaign would have gotten the message and moved on accordingly. Wrong. As usual, no one in the Trump campaign learns their lesson. And their sheer ignorance has cost them a key staff member in a key swing state. Trump s campaign chair in the prominent Mahoning County in Ohio, Kathy Miller, has resigned from her position after denying there was any racism in the 1960s and that if black people weren t successful in the last 50 years, it s their own fault. She also said there wasn t any racism until Obama got elected and skirted problems under the table: If you re black and you haven t been successful in the last 50 years, it s your own fault. You ve had every opportunity, it was given to you. You ve had the same schools everybody else went to. You had benefits to go to college that white kids didn t have. You had all the advantages and didn t take advantage of it. It s not our fault, certainly. Miller then doubled down, calling the Black Lives Matter movement a stupid waste of time and said low voter turnout in the African American community as due to the way they re raised. What does the way they re raised, supposed to mean? Maybe Miller should take a look at the fact that the Trump kids didn t vote (and couldn t even vote for their dad) before speculating on how an entire race raises their kids. Miller resigned, gave a half-ass apology, and distanced herself from the campaign. Of course Trump s Ohio state director, Bob Paduchik stressed that Miller s comments were not reflective of the campaign, and reduced her position to that of a simple volunteer to steer away any influence she once held. Once again, the Trump campaign deflects, blames, and dodges responsibility. Oh, and it once again shows that it s being run by a bunch of entitled white racists. Featured image a screen-grab
Obama, Biden honor Arnold Palmer
Story highlights Famous golfer Arnold Palmer died on Sunday evening Vice President Joe Biden praises Palmer on Monday (CNN) President Barack Obama and Vice President Joe Biden mourned the death of Arnold Palmer with tributes to the golfing legend on their Twitter accounts honoring him as both an athlete and philanthropist. Obama on Sunday tweeted a photo of himself receiving a putting lesson from Palmer, 87, in the Oval Office and wrote, "Here's to The King who was as extraordinary on the links as he was generous to others. Thanks for the memories, Arnold." Here's to The King who was as extraordinary on the links as he was generous to others. Thanks for the memories, Arnold. pic.twitter.com/UlyfpIBOL2 President Obama (@POTUS) September 26, 2016 Obama -- who has played more than 300 rounds of golf in office -- said in a statement that Palmer had "swagger before we had a name for it," crediting him for what he did on the course and off, including building the Arnold Palmer Hospital for Children and Latrobe Hospital. The Vice President, who hails from Scranton, Pennsylvania, also honored the golfer on Twitter Monday saying, "Arnie was what every great athlete should be. A great golfer, and a gentleman who treated everyone with dignity. That's why he was so loved." Arnie was what every great athlete should be. A great golfer, and a gentleman who treated everyone with dignity. That's why he was so loved. Vice President Biden (@VP) September 26, 2016
DOJ: Chinese company tried to evade U.S. sanctions against North Korea
A North Korean military soldier stands guard as North Koreans wave flags and cheer during an aerial display, in Wonsan, North Korea. | AP Photo DOJ: Chinese company tried to evade U.S. sanctions against North Korea A Chinese company and four of its employees accused of attempting to evade U.S. sanctions against North Korea were the target of a set of enforcement actions announced Monday morning by the Department of Justice. Chinese trading company Dandong Hongxiang Industrial Development Co. Ltd., its majority owner and three of its managers are charged with conspiring to violate the International Emergency Economic Powers Act and Weapons of Mass Destruction Proliferators Sanctions Regulations. They are also charged with attempting to defraud the United States and conspiring to engage in international money laundering. Story Continued Below The charges arise from financial transactions using U.S. dollars between Dandong Hongxiang Industrial Development and Korea Kwangson Banking Corporation, which is under both U.S. and UN sanctions. Those transactions, according to the Justice Department, were conducted both by Dandong Hongxiang Industrial Development as well as by numerous front companies that it controlled. The Justice Department also announced a civil complaint, seeking the civil forfeiture of all the money held in the 25 Chinese bank accounts of Dandong Hongxiang Industrial Development and its front corporations. Those accounts are subject to forfeiture, the Justice Department said, because they received hundreds of millions of dollars that arrived via the United States. Because the money was routed through the U.S., it falls under American jurisdiction, the department said. Pressure has mounted on President Barack Obama s administration to crack down on China, North Korea s largest trading partner and international protector, since the isolated nation s latest nuclear test earlier this month. Republicans and even Obama s own former secretary of state Hillary Clinton have urged the president to more forcefully pressure China to enforce international sanctions against North Korea. Rep. Ed Royce (R-Calif.) has specifically called on Obama to put to use the North Korea Sanctions and Policy Enhancement Act, a law signed by the president earlier this year that affords his administration authority to sanction any individual who "imports, exports, or re-exports luxury goods to or into North Korea" or "engages in money laundering, counterfeiting of goods or currency, bulk cash smuggling, or narcotics trafficking that supports the government of North Korea or its senior officials." Republican presidential candidate Donald Trump has blamed Clinton for North Korea s most recent nuclear launch. Jason Miller, Trump s senior communications adviser, labeled it one more example of Hillary Clinton's catastrophic failures as secretary of state," and added that "Clinton promised to work to end North Korea s nuclear program as secretary of state, yet the program has only grown in strength and sophistication." Authors:
Debate breaks record as most-watched in U.S. history
Monday night was the most-watched debate in American history. Well over 80 million people tuned in to see Hillary Clinton and Donald Trump face off, setting a new record in the sixty year history of televised presidential debates. According to Nielsen, the debate averaged a total of 84 million viewers across 13 of the TV channels that carried it live. Many millions also watched the debate via live streams on the web. Nielsen's 84 million total counts people who watched via traditional TV channels at home. People who watched the debate at parties, bars, restaurants, and offices were not counted. Neither were C-SPAN viewers. This means the actual total audience is even higher. On the TV side, CNN and other cable news channels saw big increases over past election years. So did the broadcast networks. NBC had the biggest audience overall, partly because "NBC Nightly News" anchor Lester Holt was the moderator of the debate. Upwards of 18 million people watched the debate on NBC. ABC drew 13.5 million viewers, CBS drew 12.1 million, Fox News drew 11.4 million, CNN drew 9.9 million, the Fox broadcast network drew 5.5 million, and MSNBC drew 4.9 million. The debate was also a hit on Spanish language television, attracting 2.5 million viewers on Univision and 1.8 million on Telemundo. Trump may have been the ratings magnet, but Clinton may have been the beneficiary of the ratings bump. By Tuesday there was a media consensus that Clinton had prevailed in the debate. The debate viewership number to beat was 80.6 million, set back in 1980, when Jimmy Carter and Ronald Reagan debated just once before the election. More recently, the first Obama-Romney debate in 2012 averaged 67 million viewers. Detailed Nielsen data confirms that viewership stayed high the entire time. Contrary to some speculation, there was not a big drop-off after the first 30 minutes of the 98-minute debate. The vast majority of viewers kept watching until the very end, a fact that the Clinton campaign celebrated on Tuesday. Earlier story: Ratings expectations for first Trump-Clinton debate are sky high Anticipation for the Clinton-Trump meeting had been mounting for months. Television industry executives were anticipating a total audience somewhere between 80 and 100 million. There will be two more debates between the candidates in October. On Monday night Twitter said the first face-off was the "most tweeted debate ever." Given the rapid growth of streaming options, it was almost certainly the most streamed debate ever, as well. Various live streams on YouTube together registered more than 2.5 million simultaneous viewers. Live streams on other sites also reached millions of people. On both Twitter and Facebook, Trump was a livelier subject than Clinton. Twitter said the "final share of conversation around the candidates on stage" was 62% for Trump and 38% for Clinton. On Facebook, the results were even more lopsided, with Trump earning 79% share of conversation and Clinton having the remaining 21%. Being talked about isn't necessarily a good thing for a candidate. Most commentators gave Clinton the edge over Trump after the debate. Still, the post-debate coverage on TV focused on Trump, partly because of surprising and confounding comments he made on stage. CNN's reality check team investigated 26 claims made by Clinton and Trump and found that Trump made a greater number of misleading statements.
NATO chief counterattacks against Donald Trump POLITICO
NATO Secretary General Jens Stoltenberg looks on during a press conference | Adem Altan/AFP via Getty NATO chief counterattacks against Donald Trump The alliance has been fighting terrorism for years, says Jens Stoltenberg. BRATISLAVA NATO Secretary-General Jens Stoltenberg struck back Tuesday at Donald Trump over the U.S. presidential candidate s claim that the Atlantic alliance is now fighting terrorism only because of his criticism. NATO has been focused on the fight against terrorism for many, many years and it s not a result of the U.S. elections campaign, said Stoltenberg in a press conference during a gathering of European defense ministers in Bratislava. Trump, who has been critical of NATO and even gone so far as to question the U.S. membership of it, said Monday night in a debate with his presidential opponent Hillary Clinton that he now supported the alliance. I m all for NATO, Trump said. But I said they have to focus on terror, also. And they re going to do that. And that was believe me, I m sure I m not going to get credit for it but that was largely because of what I was saying and my criticism of NATO. Stoltenberg, a former Norwegian prime minister, defended NATO s track record of fighting terrorism. We went into Afghanistan to prevent Afghanistan from becoming a safe heaven for international terrorists, he said, stressing that it was our biggest military operation ever. NATO has and is playing a key role in the fight against terrorism and the organization has stepped up our efforts to support the U.S.-led coalition to fight ISIL. Stoltenberg also said that NATO s newly created position of assistant to the secretary-general for intelligence will also be a tool in our efforts to fight terrorism, to share intelligence. But he insisted the role is something which has been planned and discussed for a long time and is not a result of the U.S. election campaign.
Reality Check: Was 'stop-and-frisk' effective?
Story highlights Stop-and-frisk is a type of aggressive policing It's unclear what the policy's impact was on New York City's crime rate Washington (CNN) Donald Trump was asked by a member of a Fox News town hall audience this week what he would do to reduce violent crime in the country's inner cities. "Right, well, one of the things I'd do, Ricardo, is I would do 'stop-and-frisk.' I think you have to. We did it in New York, it worked incredibly well and you have to be proactive and, you know, you really help people sort of change their mind automatically. You understand; you have to, in my opinion. I see what's going on here. I see what's going on in Chicago; I think stop-and-frisk, in New York City, it was so incredible, the way it worked." Stop-and-frisk is a type of aggressive policing that allows -- some say encourages -- officers to detain a person on virtually any type of vague suspicion, search that individual without a warrant and arrest the person if any kind of illegal substance or weapon is found. It grew out of the tough policies of New York Mayor Rudy Giuliani, now a vocal Trump supporter and trusted adviser, under the theory that aggressive enforcement of even minor laws would lead to a reduction of violent crime. Proponents of stop-and-frisk argue that it would be especially effective in getting illegal guns off the streets. Critics of the program questioned its constitutionality. They also pointed to the fact, documented in several studies, that the policy falls heaviest on black and Latino men. Read More
Trump Jr. defends Skittles tweet: 'I don't deal in microaggression'
Story highlights The tweet took center stage on the campaign trail earlier this week "We're not a country where everything has to be in a safe space," Trump said Boise, Idaho (CNN) Donald Trump Jr. said Thursday he was surprised by the reaction to his tweet comparing Syrian refugees to Skittles because he was "trying to point out things that have to be said." "People will today make what they want of anything and they see the worst in everything and they look for subtext that doesn't exist," Trump told reporters after a fundraiser here. "For me, I guess I'm a straightforward guy. I don't deal in microagression, where it takes a special kind of person to find whatever message they're looking for." The tweet -- which consisted of a photo of a bowl full of the candy that said: "If I had a bowl of skittles and I told you just three would kill you. Would you take a handful? That's our Syrian refugee problem." -- took center stage on the campaign trail earlier this week. A top aide to Hillary Clinton called it "disgusting" and Clinton supporters attacking the comparison as crass and inhumane. But Trump supporters -- and the Trump campaign itself -- have repeatedly defended Trump and the tweet. Mars, which produces Skittles, rejected the comparison in a statement, saying, "Skittles are candy. Refugees are people. We don't feel it's an appropriate analogy." Read More
Obama nominates ambassador to Cuba in long-shot move
Jeffrey DeLaurentis will serve as America's ambassador to the communist-led country. | Getty Obama nominates ambassador to Cuba in long-shot move When it comes to picking fights with Republicans over Cuba, Barack Obama has apparently decided he's only a lame-duck, second-term president once. The president announced Tuesday that he has nominated Jeffrey DeLaurentis, the top U.S. diplomat currently serving in Cuba, to serve as America's official ambassador to the communist-led country. Story Continued Below The move is sure to draw howls of protest from some hard-core opponents of the Cuban government, including Sens. Marco Rubio of Florida and Ted Cruz of Texas, who have vowed to block any ambassador nomination for Cuba. Still, Obama's decision suggests he's willing to take on the risk of a dragged-out fight over a topic Cuba-U.S. relations that has increasing bipartisan support. The island nation restored diplomatic ties with the U.S. in July 2015 after more than 50 years of hostility, and Obama considers America's new relationship with Cuba one of his signature foreign policy achievements. DeLaurentis is a career member of the U.S. foreign service who has been the chief of mission at the U.S. embassy in Havana since it was re-established in 2015 and headed what was an American interests section there before that. He was widely believed to be the frontrunner for the ambassador's job should Obama select a nominee. "The appointment of an ambassador is a common sense step forward toward a more normal and productive relationship between our two countries," Obama said in a statement announcing his decision. Among those appaluding Obama's decision was Sen. Jeff Flake, an Arizona Republican who has long advocated for better U.S.-Cuba relations. "Americans traveling & doing business in #Cuba will be well-served by the prompt confirmation of Jeff DeLaurentis to serve as US ambassador," Flake tweeted. But although a growing number of Republicans have shown support for deepening ties to Cuba, it takes only a single senator to severely slow down a nomination process for an ambassador. Asked by POLITICO earlier this year whether he still held firm to his denouncement of the rapprochement with Cuba and his vow to block an ambassador confirmation, Rubio said yes. "A U.S. ambassador is not going to influence the Cuban government, which is a dictatorial, closed regime, the senator, who is of Cuban descent, said as the one-year anniversary of Cuba-U.S. ties loomed. Rubio's office subsequently issued a statement assailing the nomination. "This nomination," Rubio said, "should go nowhere until the Castro regime makes significant and irreversible progress in the areas of human rights and political freedom for the Cuban people." Authors:
Conservatives Throw A Hissy Fit Because Michelle Obama Talked About Slavery At Black History Museum
If you want to watch a conservative throw a temper tantrum just mention slavery and grab your popcorn. Because when First Lady Michelle Obama talked about slavery and the great progress our country has made since the Civil War during an interview at the new Smithsonian Institution s National Museum of African American History and Culture, conservatives took to Twitter to whine. Mrs. Obama told Good Morning America host Robin Roberts about how she feels about visiting the museum, which opens this weekend. And one of the things that struck her the most is the fact that a lot of the history the museum presents happened during the lives of the three generations of her family who visited the museum that day. And she expressed astonishment at how fast progress has been made. When you think about the fact that my great-great grandfather was a slave and today I live in the White House, that progress is huge and it s fast, the First Lady said. Here s the video via Twitter. FLOTUS: My great-great grandfather was a slave and today I live in the White House. That progress is huge. pic.twitter.com/vvhgrtxoYu ABC News (@ABC) September 23, 2016 But, of course, conservatives lost their shit and displayed their hatred in the comments. @ABC And the sooner that Mooch and Obummer get out of the White house and Trump gets in, the better! #TrumpPence16 #MakeAmericaGreatAgain Chantie Huffines (@LadyChantie) September 23, 2016 @ABC But, you keep the narrative going that all white people, except Clintons, are racist. Deporable & watsit2u (@thumbug) September 23, 2016 @ABC The country is more racist than ever since The Obamas entered the White House. They have a bitter resentment for White People Mike Van Patten (@MikeVanPatten4) September 23, 2016 @ABC So why are the democrats trying to send race relations back to the sixties? Deplorable Voter (@Antone18) September 23, 2016 @ABC Keep driving racial segregation down our throats, ABC. These types of post should sure give you more peaceful protest to cover. Ashton Allen (@Asherzz09) September 23, 2016 @ABC MOVE OUT BIMBO Donna Coffey (@Dcoffey56Donna) September 23, 2016 @ABC Lord Jesus said to do good as bondmen. John Stefanyszyn (@JohnStefanyszyn) September 23, 2016 @ABC And we can thank the Republican Party for that. It certainly wasn t the Democrats. Bev Cross (@BevCross1) September 23, 2016 @ABC then they managed to set us back decades by generating a racial divide n bringing anarchy among the people awesome job NOT #GOTRUMP Jane callaway (@janeewc) September 23, 2016 And while it is true that the early Republican Party freed the slaves, it was at a time when Republicans were liberals and Democrats were conservatives. The two parties have flipped since then. Democrats have since become the defenders of Civil Rights who continue to fight for racial equality and social justice while Republicans pandered to white racists in the South and have become dominated by white supremacists who desperately want to roll back any and all progress African-Americans have made in this country. If Republicans have to go back 150 years to find one good thing the party did for African-Americans that s really embarrassing and says a lot about what the party has become. Featured image via Wikimedia
Hillary Clinton leads Donald Trump by 6 points, according to national poll
Washington (CNN) Hillary Clinton is leading Donald Trump by 6 points ahead of the first debate on Monday, according to a new national poll released Wednesday. A four-way matchup shows Clinton has 43% support of likely voters while Trump has 37%, in the new NBC/Wall Street Journal poll . Libertarian Party nominee Gary Johnson is at 9% and the Green Party's Jill Stein is at 3%. In a two-way matchup, Clinton leads Trump by 7 points, 48% to 41%. The poll was conducted after a rough patch for Clinton, highlighted by her temporarily leaving the campaign trail after she was diagnosed with pneumonia. Despite a recent effort to court African-American voters, Trump garners just 7% support compared to Clinton's 81% with the voting bloc. On the issues, Trump has the advantage with voters when it comes to the economy -- 46% to 41%. But Clinton leads when it comes to being in charge of nuclear weapons (51% to 25%), being a good commander in chief (48% to 33%) and on immigration (50% to 39%). Trump and Clinton are virtually tied when it comes to terrorism and homeland security (44% to 43%). A new CNN Poll of Polls, including the NBC/WSJ data, finds Clinton's edge over Trump has inched up by 1 point. The Poll of Polls averages the results of the five most recent nationwide telephone polls of presidential preference among likely voters and finds her ahead, 43% to 40%. The NBC/WSJ poll surveyed 992 likely voters between September 16-19 and has a margin of error of plus or minus 3.2 percentage points.
Hateful Arizona Pastor Deported From Botswana After Saying Gays Should Be Stoned to Death (VIDEO)
Wouldn t it be nice if we could just kick bigots out of our country? Well, that s exactly what happened when anti-gay Arizona pastor Stephen Anderson stopped by Botswana for a visit and decided to preach hate. Anderson s road to Botswana was an eventful one, with the United Kingdom banning him from so much as getting on a connecting flight in their country. This forced him to find a roundabout way to get to Botswana, where he intended to spend quite some time preaching. But after he suggested that homosexuals be stoned to death in a radio interview, Anderson learned that his hatred is not tolerated everywhere. I have identified Steven Anderson as an undesirable person to travel to South Africa, Home Affairs Minister Malusi Gigaba told the BBC. The country s Constitution, unlike ours, prohibits hate speech against, among other things, the gay community (even though homosexual acts are illegal in Botswana) and if you ve ever listened to Anderson speak for five minutes straight, you know hate speech is kind of his thing. The government even tweeted to inform everyone he had been declared a prohibited immigrant : Pastor #StevenAnderson, a #USA citizen has been declared a Prohibited Immigrant and as such is being deported from #Botswana Botswana Government (@BWGovernment) September 20, 2016 What prompted his removal was a radio interview in which he said homosexuals should be stoned to death. Anderson also repeated his praise of the Pulse nightclub shooter. While he says he doesn t advocate violence, the victims were disgusting homosexuals who the Bible says are worthy of death, the Bible says the government should put them to death, so why would I be sad if these horrible people died that the Bible says should die anyway. Anderson told his interviewer, who pointed out that the Bible supports slavery, that while he doesn t believe the Bible condones slavery (it does), if it did then yes I would condone it because the Bible is always right and I am not smarter than God. In the past, Anderson has blamed the terrorist attacks in France earlier this year on the country s acceptance of f*ggots, has called the Orlando massacre good news because a bunch of f*ggots died (he later expanded on that by adding that perfect Christians would bathe in the blood of the slaughtered innocents while singing praise to God), has prayed for the death of President Obama and asked God to rip out Caitlyn Jenner s heart and even suggested executing every gay person in the world to cure AIDS. You can watch Anderson getting snagged by immigration officials below. If you re anything like me, you ll play it on repeat and laugh. You can see an interview with his camera guy here: Featured image via screen capture
Twitter Just Wrecked Donald Trump After Horrible Attack On Black Communities (TWEETS) Opposition Report
Posted by John Prager on 20 Sep 2016 That wacky, deplorable, Oompa Loompa stand-in Donald Trump is at it again! As part of his continuing African-American outreach which has traditionally consisted of calling black people uneducated, unemployed and desperate, and their communities poor ( no health care, no education, no anything as he puts it), and posting white supremacist memes demonizing black people. While Trump s white supporters love this rhetoric because it a.) confirms their biases against African-Americans and b.) seems to them that he is trying to fix problems they suspect exist, proving he s not the racist pig liberals say he is, the rest of us wonder how anyone can think a guy who literally labeled black rental applicants forms with C and practiced discrimination could be viewed as a person who would do anything at all to help the black community. On Tuesday, Trump again continued his outreach or, as the rest of us see it, again made his disdain for black people known by telling African-Americans (or, more correctly, a room full of white people) that black communities are in the worst shape that they ve ever been in before, ever. .@realDonaldTrump: African-American communities "in the worst shape that they ve ever been in before, ever." ABC News Politics (@ABCPolitics) September 20, 2016 Naturally, the Internet had some remarks about this, with many wondering how he forgot about Jim Crow, slavery, and other times the black community might have had it just a teensy bit harder in America: @ABCPolitics @realDonaldTrump Slavery? Jim Crow? You call those better? Aaron Sarka (@SarkaAaron) September 20, 2016 @theBillGrayson @ABCPolitics @realDonaldTrump Imagine reaction to black guy talking about whites framed by bleachers full of blacks. space_junk (@spacejunkx) September 20, 2016 @ABCPolitics @realDonaldTrump he knows that 1) it's bullshit 2) his audience doesn't know enough about AA's to know that it's BS. Bill Grayson (@theBillGrayson) September 20, 2016 @ABCPolitics @realDonaldTrump and he says this again to an all white crowd MLWag (@mlwag1) September 20, 2016 @ABCPolitics @realDonaldTrump Worse than when racist landlords like you put a "C" (colored)next to the name of black rental applicants? Nope Jeffrey Bloom (@jeff14mail) September 20, 2016 @ABCPolitics @realDonaldTrump Minus 300 years of slavery and the Jim Crow era and his statement is still false TPS Report (@ShoNuf77) September 20, 2016 @ABCPolitics @realDonaldTrump Did he forget about slavery? Also, not really. They are not as bad as they were a few years ago. Salt Pawn Latte (@x_PureSalt_x) September 20, 2016 @ABCPolitics @realDonaldTrump Did your universe not have that whole Slavery thing? Mirror Donald Trump (@MirrorTrump) September 20, 2016 Fact check: used to be enslaved, then lacked basic civil rights for 100 years. Matthew Yglesias (@mattyglesias) September 20, 2016 I wonder why he's not resonating with African American voters (((AG))) (@AG_Conservative) September 20, 2016 I wonder if Trump actually thinks black people are falling for his bullsh*t. Featured image via screengrab
Meet This Week's White Texan Terrorist Trump Isn't Talking About
21.2k SHARES SHARE THIS STORY While the media was busy talking about the NYC bombings and the arrest of Ahmad Khan Rahami, there was another bomb threat in Houston, Texas that did not receive nearly the same media attention. LA Times reporter Matt Pierce felt the incident was doomed from the start, and took to Twitter to imply that this story was pretty much guaranteed to not receive as much attention as the NYC bombings because of the skin color of the criminal involved. According to a news release from U.S. Attorney Kenneth Magidson, Houston man Cary Lee Ogborn was arrested last Friday after he was discovered to be at the center of a bomb plot targeting Houston, Texas. The statement from the U.S. Attorney specified that, Cary Lee Ogborn is charged with attempting to transport explosives with the intent that those explosives be used to kill, injure, or intimidate any individual or to damage or destroy a vehicle or building. He was arrested late Friday after picking up a package he believed contained such explosives. Although Ogborn s plan to attack Houston was thwarted before it could cause a tragedy, Matt Pearce s tweet struck a chord with many people who are disappointed the media is more likely to push a story when it advances a criminal narrative that fits a profitable news-worthy formula usually including Islamic terrorism or black and latino criminality. Despite the high-profile coverage of several attacks committed by Islamic terrorists, the numbers just do not reflect this narrative. Research from Gallup and the Triangle Center On Homeland and Security found that Law enforcement agencies in the United States consider anti-government violent extremists, not radicalized Muslims, to be the most severe threat of political violence that they face due to the fact that Muslim-American terrorist suspects and perpetrators in the decade since 9/11, [represent] just a small percentage of the thousands of acts of violence that occur in the United States each year. Add your name to millions demanding that Congress take action on the President s crimes. IMPEACH DONALD TRUMP!
McConnell plays hardball in spending fight
Sen. Mitch McConnell said a filed spending measure is the "result of many, many hours of bipartisan work across the aisle." | Getty McConnell plays hardball in spending fight Mitch McConnell is playing hardball forcing Democrats into a take-it-or-leave-it position on a must-pass government spending bill before funding runs dry at the end of the month. With spending negotiations still stymied at the Capitol, McConnell filed a new short-term government spending measure Thursday that concedes key priorities to Democrats yet still isn t enough to get the minority party on board. Story Continued Below Gone is the so-called ICANN provision, an internet-domain issue that had become a top priority for Sen. Ted Cruz (R-Texas) and other GOP senators and just got the seal of endorsement from GOP nominee Donald Trump. It also includes some funding for a sweeping opioids bill that was signed into law earlier this year, as well as a landmark chemical safety measure that became law in June. The new spending measure McConnell filed Thursday which funds the government until Dec. 9 also includes language already worked out between Democrats and Republicans to deal with additional funding for the Zika virus epidemic. A procedural vote on the measure is slated for Tuesday afternoon, and McConnell used a parliamentary maneuver to block amendments to the bill, ensuring that the legislation he outlined was essentially the only option. There have been broad requests for a clean continuing resolution. So that s what I ve just offered, McConnell said. It s the result of many, many hours of bipartisan work across the aisle. But Democrats, who have little incentive to agree quickly to a deal that lets vulnerable Republicans leave Washington, say they object to the legislation because while it includes flood aid for states such as Louisiana, West Virginia and Maryland, it doesn t include money for the long-running water crisis in Flint, Michigan. To put Louisiana in without Flint is like waving a red flag. I don't get it," said New York Sen. Chuck Schumer, the third-ranking Senate Democrat. "I haven t counted votes but our caucus isn t going to like having Louisiana and not Michigan." It also does not remove language that prohibits the Securities and Exchange Commission from requiring companies to disclose political spending. That is current law, but Democrats have tried to overturn it during the recent negotiations. Democrats also floated a provision related to the Export-Import Bank that would have restored the bank s full financing authority, but that was not included in the spending measure McConnell filed Thursday. That Ex-Im provision was also important for some Republicans; South Carolina Sen. Lindsey Graham said he would vote against the short-term funding bill because that language was excluded. The president does not believe that a short-term budget measure that only exists because Congress hasn t done their job in the first place should be used to pass ideological riders into law, White House Press Secretary Josh Earnest said Thursday, while slamming Republicans for their opposition to the Ex-Im Bank. Yet McConnell's proposal is also starting to drive a rift through Democrats. While some leading Senate Democrats stood firm in opposing the new funding measure, other Democrats began to side with Republicans. Democratic Sen. Bill Nelson, whose home state of Florida has been the nation's epicenter of the Zika crisis, said he would vote in favor of the new continuing resolution because it sets aside $1.1 billion to combat Zika "with no political riders." "While I support the people of Flint, my priority is the people of Florida," Nelson said. Senate Minority Leader Harry Reid (D-Nev.) signaled his displeasure with the bill shortly before McConnell went to the floor to unveil it Thursday afternoon. We re in no hurry to go anyplace, OK? We have all a lot of time, Reid told reporters. I ve talked with [House Minority Leader Nancy Pelosi], she s not going to agree to this. The president is not going to agree to this. It s really unfair to the American people. During her weekly news conference earlier Thursday, Pelosi said the legislation, in my view, is not even worthy of a counter. It falls very short. Maryland Sen. Barbara Mikulski, the top Democratic appropriator, charged McConnell with filing a Republican-only bill" and said Democrats would not support the legislation, although details of the measure were still emerging and some senators had yet to review it. House Speaker Paul Ryan, for his part, is trying to project an air of calm, telling reporters that lawmakers in his chamber want "low drama" in order to solve the government funding impasse. But Cruz is pressuring House lawmakers to fight on behalf of the Internet domain provision that he championed. "I am grateful for my Senate colleagues' vigorous support during this debate," Cruz said in a statement. "I encourage my colleagues in the House to continue to stand united to ensure that the government funding bill prevents the Obama administration from permanently undermining free speech on the Internet." Heather Caygle, Louis Nelson, Burgess Everett and Ashley Gold contributed to this report. Authors:
What the US government can and cannot do to US citizens suspected of terrorism
Story highlights Ahmad Khan Raham is alleged to have carried out the bombings Some have said he should be tried as an "enemy combatant" rather than a US citizen (CNN) The arrest of Ahmad Khan Rahami, the man suspected of Saturday's bombing in New York and explosion in New Jersey, is reviving a debate that's become familiar when American citizens are implicated in terrorism post-9/11: Whether or not they can be considered enemy combatants. Sen. Lindsey Graham, R-South Carolina, and others have suggested that Rahami be detained by the military as an enemy combatant, in part so he would not have be read his Miranda rights. Here are five common questions about terrorism suspects and the legal system: 1) Do U.S.-citizen terrorism suspects arrested within the United States have constitutional protections in the first place? Yes. There are ongoing debates over the constitutional rights of non-citizens (and citizens traveling overseas), but the Supreme Court has never suggested that a US citizen arrested within the United States receives lesser constitutional protection simply because he's a terrorism suspect. Read More
Trump received $1.6 million from Secret Service
Donald Trump's campaign isn't alone in patronizing his own businesses: taxpayers are indirectly doing so, too. Federal Election Commission records show that the U.S. Secret Service has paid the Trump campaign about $1.6 million to cover the cost of flying its agents with the candidate on a plane owned and operated by one of his companies. Story Continued Below It s standard practice for the agency which is tasked with protecting presidential candidates as well as presidents and other federal officials to reimburse presidential campaigns for the cost of traveling with the candidates. In fact, the Secret Service has reimbursed the Clinton campaign, too: $2.6 million so far this cycle. The difference with Trump is that one of his companies, TAG Air, Inc., owns the plane, so the government is effectively paying him. The Clinton campaign, by contrast, mostly has been chartering planes from a private company called Executive Fliteways in which the Clintons do not have any ownership interest. The taxpayers are actually reimbursing Trump for the travel of the Secret Service agents," said Brett Kappel, a campaign finance lawyer at the law firm Akerman LLP. "It's just another example of how the Trump campaign has taken an unprecedentedly large amount of its money and spent it at Trump-owned facilities." Trump campaign spokeswoman Hope Hicks responded to questions about the Secret Service payments by saying everything was done in accordance with FEC guidelines and regulations. Please direct further questions to USSS. Secret Service spokeswoman Nicole Mainor said the FEC specifically requires security personnel such as the Secret Service to reimburse campaigns for seats on charter aircraft. A POLITICO analysis of FEC records found that, through the end of August, Trump s campaign has spent at least $8.2 million at Trump's own businesses, including to hold events at his hotels, buy food from his restaurants and rent office space for its headquarters in his Manhattan office tower. But the biggest chunk of the expenses, almost $6 million, were to TAG Air, Inc. Trump, who once said I could be the first presidential candidate to run and make money on it, has attracted criticism for mixing business and politics to an unprecedented degree. He has made a point of highlighting his properties on the campaign trail, leading opponents to accuse him of using his presidential bid to promote his brand and line his pockets. The campaign in a statement on Thursday rejected that criticism as misleading and flat out wrong, pointing out that the amount the campaign spent at Trump's businesses is far less than the $54 million of his own money that Trump has pumped into the campaign. The statement explained the campaign s payments to TAG Air and other Trump-owned companies by saying the campaign has used known quantities as far as event space, air travel and accommodations, and has fulfilled all FEC requirements throughout the campaign. The government's practice of reimbursing campaigns for costs incurred by their Secret Service details dates from an era when campaigns were lower-budget affairs, the logic being candidates shouldn't have to use their own resources on required security, according to Craig Engle, a political lawyer at Arent Fox who helped draft the provision as a staffer at the Federal Election Commission. "It's basically just calling it even," Engle said. "It's either Trump making a contribution to the U.S. government, or the U.S. government reimburses the Trump campaign for its expenses." The same rationale applies to journalists who travel with the presidential candidates. The journalists or their employers reimburse the campaigns for travel costs. So it s conceivable that media outlets might end up paying the Trump campaign for the cost of staying in a Trump-owned hotel or flying on a Trump-owned plane. The Secret Service could also end up paying Trump's hotels to put up his agents when the candidate stays there. But those expenses don't appear in FEC reports because the government pays them directly. The agency paid the Trump campaign an additional $724,000 for air travel that was refunded, according to the FEC reports, which do not offer an explanation for the refund. Of course, Trump also travels on the campaign trail with his own robust private security detail. In August, Trump s campaign spent $232,800 on security-related costs, including payments to private companies such as Xmark LLC, Black Tie Protection Services and KS Global Group, as well as local police in places he visited. Authors:
ABC News Breaking News, Latest News, Headlines & Videos
External links are provided for reference purposes. ABC News is not responsible for the content of external Internet sites. Copyright 2017 ABC News Internet Ventures. Yahoo! - ABC News Network
Ivanka Trump, Paul Ryan meet
Story highlights House Speaker Paul Ryan and Donald Trump have had a tense relationship throughout the campaign Ryan was in New York to address a luncheon Washington (CNN) Ivanka Trump, the Republican presidential nominee's daughter, met with House Speaker Paul Ryan in New York on Monday, an aide to the Republican congressman confirmed to CNN. The meeting was requested by Ivanka Trump, according to the speaker's office. "It was a productive conversation where Ryan spoke about his 2012 experience and Ivanka shared updates about her father's campaign," the aide said. Ryan was in town to address a luncheon at the Economic Club of New York. Read More
Schumer transfers millions to Dems in bid for Senate takeover
Sen. Chuck Schumer s money could give Democrats some breathing room as they slash expensive ad buys in Florida and Ohio. | Getty Schumer transfers millions to Dems in bid for Senate takeover Chuck Schumer is sitting on a mountain of cash. And now he s starting to dole it out to fellow Democrats who might make him majority leader. The New York senator is transferring $1 million to the Senate Democrats campaign arm on Tuesday. He s also given $3.2 million to state parties over the past week, Democratic sources said. Story Continued Below Earlier this month, Schumer shifted an additional $2 million from his campaign war chest to the Democratic Senatorial Campaign Committee. Altogether in September, Schumer has transferred $6.2 million of the $27 million he has on hand to help Democratic hopefuls. Republicans control 54 seats, but Democrats are favored to win three back, so control of the chamber is seen as a toss-up. As the party begins making difficult decisions about where to spend and where to cut, a significant transfer from Schumer could go a long way. The Kochs do not have a finite amount of money, they have unlimited money. We have a finite amount of money, said Senate Minority Leader Harry Reid (D-Nev.) in an interview on Monday. We re just trying to allocate our resources so they re meaningful to us and our candidates. Schumer s money could give Democrats some breathing room as they slash expensive ad buys in Florida and Ohio and eye instead cheaper races in North Carolina and Missouri. No one has more to gain from a Democratic takeover of the Senate than Schumer, who will ascend to the leader job in 2017 as Reid retires after a 12-year stint as party head. Schumer s donation is both a vote of confidence in his party s candidates and a reflection of Democrats future challenges. Democrats are defending 25 seats in 2018 compared with just eight GOP seats, so if Democrats come up short in November they are unlikely to take back the majority this decade. Schumer has also raised $2 million directly for candidates committees, and a joint account that he leads has collected $800,000 combined for the DSCC and individual candidates. He s planning a fall event in New York to benefit Senate candidates that s projected to bring in upwards of another million, according to a person close to the New York senator. Schumer has been relentless, said a DSCC official. Schumer and Reid have also appeared at numerous events for Senate Majority PAC, a super PAC backing Democratic Senate hopefuls run by former aides to Reid, including his onetime chief of staff, Susan McCue. The group, which can accept unlimited donations from donors, has spent more than $30 million this cycle. Democrats complain that Republican super PACs have far outspent them. Leader Reid and Senator Schumer are working around the clock to raise awareness about the avalanche of money Republicans are pouring into Senate races through independent expenditures. The amounts are staggering, McCue said in a statement. Schumer still will have roughly $20 million on hand after the transfer. He is up for reelection in New York, with the latest polls showing him trouncing his GOP challenger by more than 40 points. However, if past is prologue, Schumer is likely to spend some money on it despite token opposition. Schumer spent about $13 million in 2010, but that was a historically bad year for Democrats. Schumer s colleagues won t rule out the possibility that he ll donate more to his party s Senate takeover effort. If he thinks it will make a difference, he ll do it. He s very calculating, said a Democratic senator. Chuck will be there if you need him. Sen. Debbie Stabenow (D-Mich.), a close ally of Schumer, agreed that the presumptive Democratic leader might provide more. He s going to watch everything closely. It s my sense he s 1,000 percent committed to taking back the Senate, Stabenow said. There s no decision yet on where the DSCC might allocate the additional money from Schumer. It could go toward races in New Hampshire, Pennsylvania or Nevada, states that are all exceedingly close, or help compete in pricey Florida. Using the cash in red-leaning states is another option. We re going to make some tough decisions, which haven t been made yet, Reid said. The National Republican Senatorial Committee has been outraised by the DSCC to the tune of $36 million. Outside groups like the Senate Leadership Fund are making up the difference, but Republican officials are leaning on their rank and file to help fill the campaign coffers, with McConnell coming up with nearly $4 million in transfers thus far. Sen. John Thune (R-S.D.) made a big splash with a $2 million transfer, but even though he has millions more on hand, Thune said he ll need to hang on to the rest of his cash. I don t think I can probably keep pace with Schumer, Thune said in an interview. Republicans are now trying to wring every last bit out of their members, after Sen. Richard Shelby of Alabama spurned transferring any of his $10 million. Now the GOP hopes that NRSC Vice Chairs Dean Heller of Nevada and Tom Cotton of Arkansas may make a last-minute transfer. They have yet to give money directly to the group, GOP sources said, though they have helped raise funds directly for the NRSC. The third vice chair Joni Ernst of Iowa gave last week, an aide said Tuesday morning. Republicans, however, simply don t have their own Chuck Schumer. Instead, they are relying on a tightening presidential race, deep-pocketed outside groups and candidates who are running far ahead of Trump to eke out a win. He s a machine, Senate Majority Whip John Cornyn of Texas said of Schumer, his workout partner. But it may not make a difference, the Texan added. Authors:
Trump Said Not Paying Taxes Makes Him "Smart." Mark Cuban's Response Is Powerful
72k SHARES SHARE THIS STORY The first debate showdown of Republican nominee Donald Trump and Democratic nominee Hillary Clinton was expected to be a brutal altercation between the two candidates. Instead, the viewing audience was treated to a one-sided destruction with Clinton appearing cool and presidential, while Trump gave the worst debate performance in presidential history. Each candidate had the ability to invite guests for moral support, and Clinton invited billionaire Mark Cuban who has been one of the loudest voices against Trump in the media. There is no love lost between the two businessmen, and Cuban even said of Trump there was no bigger jagoff in the world. The indebted businessman happily admitted on stage in front of Cuban to being in debt at least $600 million. The shameless Trump, who became more unhinged as the night progressed, freely gave away one of his biggest secrets that he does not and has not paid any federal taxes in years. Clinton speculated about this, and like a predictable rube under the hot lights Trump cracked under the pressure. Rather than offer an explanation or deflection to Clinton s hypothesis Trump agreed he paid no taxes and said, That makes me smart. Trump s cheap explanation sounded like something a third grader on the playground would offer rather than a presidential candidate. An hour after the debate Trump immediately began walking back his statement, and denied he had ever said it. This type of shamelessness is difficult to combat. When asked , It sounds like you admitted you haven t paid federal taxes and that was smart. Is that what you meant to say? Trump replied, No, I didn t say that at all. Trump insulted every American who pays their fair share of taxes and Cuban was not amused nor impressed. After the debate Cuban said: I get audited every year my taxes are it takes me 45 minutes just to sign all the different taxes that I have to spend. And I tell my tax lawyers and everybody, you know, take advantage of do what the law recommends. But I m not against paying taxes. And I ll give you a perfect example. When the Dallas Mavericks were building a new practice facility which was just opening I had the opportunity to go to Dallas and and play different cities against each other to get different rebates and everything. I didn t do it. A couple years ago we had some issues in Dallas, I just wrote a check to the general treasury. This year we had, after the shootings in Orlando, I had concerns about the LGBT community in Dallas. I just wrote a million dollar check to the city of Dallas to support a bunch of different programs. I m, I m the luckiest guy in the world. There s nobody who s been as blessed as me and my family, so far, knock on wood, is healthy, and at some point you have to realize you have to give back. And you have to realize that this is a country that s been great to us. And you can t just take, take, take, take, take, take. .@mcuban on Trump saying not paying taxes makes him smart #debatenight pic.twitter.com/uPNunatukV Stefan Becket (@becket) September 27, 2016 The contrast between Cuban and Trump could not be more stark. Cuban believes in paying his fair share to society to help those who are less fortunate than him, while admitting he owes his success to society. Trump is content and even proud that he bleeds society for as much money as possible, while offering to pay back nothing. Did Trump say he was interested in paying higher taxes? No. Did Trump say he would like to reform the tax code so that he would be forced to pay higher taxes? No. Trump has no interest in paying his taxes to help fund schools so that children will grow to be more intelligent, because if they did they would certainly not support him. Trump has no interest in paying taxes to help pay for the roads which are used to deliver the cheaply made Chinese goods to which his name is affixed. In Trump s world there is a two-tiered system. One for him, and one for everyone else. Add your name to millions demanding that Congress take action on the President s crimes. IMPEACH DONALD TRUMP!
Transparent creator Jill Soloway compares 'monster' Trump to Hitler after Emmy win
Story highlights "Transparent" creator Jill Soloway slammed Donald Trump backstage at the Emmys on Sunday night Soloway joined a chorus of criticism of the Republican presidential nominee during the awards show (CNN) One of the big winners at the Emmys on Sunday night delivered some of the harshest criticism of Donald Trump offstage -- comparing the Republican presidential nominee to Adolf Hitler and warning against what she said were efforts to "otherize" groups of people. Jill Soloway, creator of Amazon's "Transparent" and winner in the comedy series directing category, spoke to "Variety" backstage during the awards show, where she lit into Trump. "Jews were other-ized in Nazi Germany to gain political power for Hitler, and right now Donald Trump is doing the same thing. He's other-izing people. He calls women pigs if they don't look like beauty pageant contestants. He blames Muslims and Mexicans for our problems. He makes fun of disabled people. This is other-izing with a capital 'O,'" Soloway said. Jill Soloway accepts Outstanding Directing for a Comedy Series award for 'Transparent' onstage during the 67th Annual Primetime Emmy Awards. She continued, "It has been used in our history before to start and win wars. He needs to be called out at every chance he gets for being one of the most dangerous monsters to ever approach our lifetimes. He's a complete dangerous monster, and at any moment that I have to call out Trump for being an inheritor to Hitler, I will." CNN has reached out to Trump campaign for comment and not yet received a response. Read More
Airstrikes Bury Syrians in Aleppo - ABC News
A Syrian family leaves the area following a reported airstrike on Sept. 23, 2016, on the al-Muasalat area in the northern Syrian city of Aleppo. Missiles rained down on rebel-held areas of the city, causing widespread destruction that overwhelmed rescue teams, as the army prepared a ground offensive to retake the city. Thaer Mohammad/AFP/Getty Images ABC News A body of child is pulled out from under the rubble of a building following bombardment on the al-Marja neighborhood of the northern Syrian city of Aleppo on Sept. 23, 2016. Ameer Alhalbi/AFP/Getty Images Syrians pass the body of a child after digging it out from under the rubble of a building following bombardment on the al-Marja neighbourhood of the northern Syrian city of Aleppo on Sept. 23, 2016. Ameer Alhalbi/AFP/Getty Images A Syrian man holds the body of his nephew following a reported airstrike on Sept. 23, 2016, in the al-Muasalat area in the northern Syrian city of Aleppo. Thaer Mohammed/AFP/Getty Images
America's relationships are on the line no matter who wins
NEW YORK All politics is geopolitical in this year's presidential race -- and top Democrats and Republicans fear that will reshape America s relationships around the world no matter who wins. This week, the uncertain state of those relationships will be on full display in New York as the United Nations General Assembly gathers and the presidential contenders stage meetings meant to project which alliances they favor and which expertise they want to claim. Story Continued Below On Monday, Hillary Clinton will meet with Ukrainian President Petro Poroshenko a clear dig at the developing partnership between Vladimir Putin and Donald Trump. She ll also sit with Japanese Prime Minister Shinzo Abe, her campaign announced Sunday night, rejecting the suggestion that her opponent is better positioned to guide the global economy or to counter the rise of China and North Korea while reminding Americans of Donald Trump s suggestion that America should pull its support from Japan and South Korea. Clinton and Trump both have scheduled meetings with Egyptian President Abdel Fattah el-Sisi an American ally, though one with dictatorial tendencies. The Democratic nominee set hers up first, aiming to project to voters that she s up-to-speed on counter-terrorism and other issues roiling the region. Trump s came second and was an attempt by Sisi to ensure even dealings, according to Egypt s state news agency. Nonetheless it might offer the Republican nominee a chance to frame up a position on Middle East issues that goes beyond simply banning Muslim immigrants from America. Keeping presidential politics domestic has long been more stated tradition than reality: Israeli Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu not so subtly telegraphed support for Mitt Romney four years ago and Obama s summer 2008 foreign tour was built around a 200,000-person rally in Berlin that was projected to voters at home that they should catch up to the forward-looking Europeans and support the upstart young senator. But none of this compares to the degree to which this year s race is defined by global affairs the result of the first former secretary of state in 200 years to be nominated for president and the challenges Trump has made throughout his campaign to fundamentals of American foreign policy. Clinton is already planning, if elected, to concentrate on convincing foreign capitals that Trump and the number of votes he gets in November isn t a sign that they need to be worried about America turning away from them. She s very concerned, said a Clinton aide. There s no doubt that when you have a major presidential candidacy saying what he s said, it has an effect on foreign policy. Certainly, presidential politics simply no longer stops at the water s edge, and this year, it has lapped aggressively, perhaps dangerously, over America s borders. It will have lasting impact, said Sen. Ben Cardin (D-Md.), the ranking member on the Foreign Relations Committee It has been changed, agreed Rep. Peter King (R-N.Y.), a former chairman of the Homeland Security Committee and a Trump supporter. It gets a little bit risky when you try to bring foreign support into it. There has been a long list of international never-befores in 2016, including Trump s decision to accept an invitation from Mexico s president and then commandeer a joint press conference at the presidential palace to declare America s sovereign right to build a wall separating the two countries. And that s hardly all. There was the alleged Russian-led hacking of Democratic campaign committees to dump emails and other information through WikiLeaks, Trump operatives pulling tougher language about the invasion of Crimea from the GOP party platform, Italian Prime Minister Matteo Renzi saying he s personally rooting for Clinton, Vice President Joe Biden saying Trump doesn t understand NATO on a trip to Latvia last month, President Barack Obama getting asked by foreign leaders for a year to weigh in on the presidential election. And just Friday, London Mayor Sadiq Khan, speaking in Chicago, accused Trump of playing into the hands of ISIL. Officials openly wonder what Clinton s approach as president would be now to Mexican President Enrique Pe a Nieto, or how quickly and forcefully NATO would restructure if Trump wins. What if China or Russia or North Korea moves to test the new president right after Inauguration Day? What if an international economic or humanitarian crisis erupts? While many in Washington s diplomatic community say they have a clearer sense of how Clinton, as opposed to Trump, would want to respond, doubts are growing that either would be able to summon the national resolve to do. Her meetings this week are about twisting the knife politically on Trump, the aide acknowledged, but they re also about thinking through what being on the job on Jan. 20 might entail. Take Poroshenko, who is rebuking Putin just by being in office: It s impossible not to read politics into it somewhat, but because of the way Trump s been talking over the course of the campaign, Secretary Clinton thinks it s important from a policy standpoint, the aide said. If Trump wins, he ll have to quickly confront leaders around the world who would be shocked that U.S. voters had elected him, and afraid that he would ushering in a new and dangerous world order. They will certainly want to see where we re coming from, King said. He will have to clarify and make it clear where he s coming from. If Clinton wins, she ll have a clean-up that Cardin and others compare to the repair mission Obama first gave her as secretary of state after the global souring on George W. Bush. Cardin, who s firmly behind Clinton, ran through a litany: sitting in Harare earlier in the year, watching Zimbabwean President Robert Mugabe laughing as the conversation turned from his own human rights abuses to Trump s success, the conversations with leaders in bilateral meetings who quickly ditching the old diplomatic decorum to start griping, drinks afterward with officials who are even blunter. Can you imagine if Trump were president and we re trying to get a coalition against ISIL and we need to get the support of moderate Sunni states, and we need to do things that are perhaps against their local popular position? Can you imagine what Donald Trump s comments about Muslims coming to America would have on a leader of a moderate Muslim state? Cardin said. It s that type of problems that have now been caused. This has all made for tricky travels for Obama, as he s spent significant time abroad this year nailing down his foreign policy legacy as president as the campaign has intensified. Being abroad doesn t stop people from asking for his take on Trump and the race, whether in closed bilateral meetings or at press conferences. Obama tends to draw his own line for where to stop himself, but critics and even occasionally his own aides can feel like he goes too far. It's not a mystery to people overseas that Democrats and Republicans in the United States have their differences, said a senior administration official. So that's why leaders traveling overseas don't make as much of an effort to conceal it. From the beginning of his presidency, Obama saw himself as embodying a generational shift in the world order, from shifting more of the burden in the Middle East to Arab nations to the kind of interlocking international effort that put sanctions on Putin and brought the Iranians to the nuclear negotiating table, to reopening Cuba. He ll make that case and the case for going forward in his own speech to the U.N. General Assembly Tuesday morning. But the argument is going to be largely defined by who his successor is. Trump didn t run his Mexico trip by the White House. Clinton didn t run her meetings this week by the White House either. We re having a serious debate, said Ivo Daalder, now the president of the Chicago Council on Global Affairs, and Obama s first U.S. permanent representative to NATO. We re going to live with the consequences and the impact of the debate. Authors:
The Word Liberals are TERRIFIED Of Eagle Rising
Terrorism is terrorism, regardless of the source, and two American cities felt the sting of it over the weekend. Is it really that hard to say? Apparently. And if someone on the left does summon up the word, it must always be supplemented with a descriptor. One of two terrorist attacks, a bombing, occurred this weekend in Manhattan, N.Y. No-one has come forward to admit to planting the device, which exploded in a dumpster, Cuomo said, but citizens should make no mistake: a bomb exploding in New York is an act of terrorism. Got that. At the time he stated (Sunday morning), that no one, or group, had claimed responsibility. Yet he was quick to insist it was not the work of ISIS, or any specific group. However, he also added that, We re not going to let them win. They want to make you afraid. We re not going to let them instill fear. Okay so Cuomo admitted he/we don t know who the bomber is, yet he knows for a fact it is definitely not ISIS, but we can t let THEM win. If he/we don t know who the bomber is may I ask who THEM is? Knowing that even in the face of tragedy, democrats consider everything through a political lens is the definitely not ISIS exclamation by Governor Cuomo a veiled attempt not to tie Obama s mass immigration of Muslims to the U.S.? I don t know, but I wouldn t doubt it. The Manhattan bomber may not be the work of an Islamist, but the attack at a Minnesota mall on Saturday sure was. As I stated, regardless of the source, the two acts were terrorism none the less. It is not hard to say terrorism, unless you re NYC Mayor Bill de Blasio, who, like many apologists on the left, just couldn t bring himself to utter the word. When pressed, he merely stated The views expressed in this opinion article are solely those of their author and are not necessarily either shared or endorsed by EagleRising.com
Clint Eastwood Had Enough, Blows Up On Hillary And Obama Liberals
7.6k SHARES Facebook Twitter Hollywood legend Clint Eastwood endorsed Republican presidential nominee Donald Trump while also expressing his lack of excitement for Democratic presidential nominee Hillary Clinton. He is after all a well known Hollywood conservative which is hard to come by. The actor said Donald Trump is, on to something because secretly everybody s getting tired of political correctness, kissing up. That s the kiss-ass generation we re in right now. We re really in a p***y generation. Everybody s walking on eggshells. We see people accusing people of being racist and all kinds of stuff. He went on, When I grew up, those things weren t called racist, he continued. And then when I did Gran Torino even my associate said, This is a really good script, but it s politically incorrect. And I said, Good. Let me read it tonight. The next morning, I came in and I threw it on his desk and I said, We re starting this immediately. Well tell us how you really feel Clint! It appears that perhaps, if even in the least bit, that Clint Eastwood and Donald Trump have something in common. They certainly have no filter. Eastwood did say in his statement that he believes Donald Trump occasionally steps out of line. Specifically Trump s comments about a Mexican judge being unfit to do his job because Trump made derogatory comments about Mexican s and he felt the judge would be prejudiced as a result. But he brushes it off as saying that Trump is simply stating what is on his mind. The icon himself gave some advice for the future that he thinks could potentially make a difference, I d say get to work and start being more understanding of everybody instead of calling everybody names, start being more understanding. But get in there and get it done. Kick ass and take names. And this may be my dad talking, but don t spend what you don t have. That s why we re in the position we are in right now. That s why people are saying, Why should I work? I ll get something for nothing, maybe. He has made headlines over some of his comments about the Republican nominee. When people called Donald Trump racist he proclaimed that people just needed to get over it already. He made sure to add a curse word in their for effect. One of his biggest criticisms of Hillary Clinton is her willingness to remain in the status quo which he detests. Which honestly is not entirely inaccurate. Eastwood s political sentiments are contrasted by the majority of Hollywood. Hollywood is known for being made up predominantly of progressive liberals. You cannot find an actor who is unwilling to use their status, power, fame and money to advance their liberal agenda and causes. Eastwood is one of the few A list celebrities who is conservative. Most others are barely known and don t do tell well after expressing their conservative sentiments. Just look at Mel Gibson and Stacey Dash. It is always nice to hear an A lister speak their conservative opinions. Because they are one of the Hollywood elite. Thus, they cannot be scoffed at as easily and dismissed. Certainly not the man, the myth, the legend, Clint Eastwood.
Italian prime minister jokes about Bill Clinton as 'first gentleman'
Italian Prime Minister Matteo Renzi said his wife is looking forward to seeing former President Bill Clinton serve as first gentleman. | AP Photo Italian prime minister jokes about Bill Clinton as 'first gentleman' Italian Prime Minister Matteo Renzi joked on Monday that his wife was looking forward to seeing former President Bill Clinton in a new role as first gentleman at the next G-7 meeting, scheduled for next May in Sicily. Renzi s joke came at the end of a forum hosted by the Clinton Global Initiative, moderated by the former president and featuring not just the Italian prime minister but also Argentinean President Mario Macri, London Mayor Sadiq Khan and Ngozi Okonjo-Iweala, the chair of Gavi, the Vaccine Alliance and a former Nigerian finance minister. Story Continued Below Mr. President, also [in] the name of my friends, only one thing, thirty seconds to give this message, Renzi said after asking Clinton to make one final point at the end of the issues-based discussion. Those issues will be discussed in the next G-7 in Italy in May 2017 in Sicily. My wife waits for you as first gentlemen in G-7, in G-7 meeting. Macri quickly jumped in, adding that he looked forward to seeing Clinton at the next G-20 meeting in 2018. If Clinton s wife Hillary Clinton is elected to the White House, it remains somewhat unknown which, if any, of the traditional first lady roles that the former president would absorb. The Democratic nominee has indicated that her husband might be charged with working on economic issues but also said he would not be given a cabinet-level position. Authors:
WWII Veteran Pens Brutal Op-Ed Slamming Draft-Dodging Trump
7.8k SHARES SHARE THIS STORY A ninety-six-year-old World War II veteran and longtime New Yorker contributor Roger Angell has voted in eighteen elections. As he prepares to vote in his nineteenth, he has published an op-ed in which he shares his wisdom and experience and sends a dire warning to the American people. This man, who has lived through the most dangerous threats to ever face our nation, including the prospect of nuclear Armageddon, believes that the election of Republican nominee Donald Trump would be a catastrophe on the same level: My country faces a danger unmatched in our history since the Cuban missile crisis, in 1962, or perhaps since 1943, when the Axis powers held most of Continental Europe, and Imperial Japan controlled the Pacific Rim, from the Aleutians to the Solomon Islands, with the outcome of that war still unknown. Angell acknowledges Trump s long history of outrageously offensive statements but chooses to focus on the one closest to his heart: military service and the lessons of the Second World War, the most destructive conflict humanity has ever fought. I stick at a different moment the lighthearted comment he made when, in early August, an admiring veteran presented him with a replica of his Purple Heart and Mr. Trump said, I always wanted to get the Purple Heart. This was much easier. Mr. Trump is saying he wishes that he had joined the armed forces somehow (he had a chance but skimmed out, like so many others of his time) and then had died or been scarred or maimed in combat? This is the dream of a nine-year-old boy, and it impugns the five hundred thousand young Americans who have died in combat in my lifetime, and the many hundreds of thousands more whose lives were altered or shattered by their wounds of war. I take this personally, representing as I do the last sliver of the sixteen million Americans who served in the military in my war I experienced the loss of more than twenty close friends, classmates, and companions of my youth, who remain young and fresh in memory. I have named them in previous pieces, along with some wounded survivors, like my friend Gardner, an infantry captain who landed at Normandy Beach and fought at H rtgen Forest and Aachen and the Battle of the Bulge, was twice wounded my late brother-in-law Neil, who lay wounded on the field for two days during the battle of Belfort Gap, and who hobbled with a cane all his life, and with two canes near the end. Every American of my generation can supply stories like these, and once learned and tried to forget that, worldwide, seventy million people died in our war. Far too many people have forgotten the lessons of that dreadful conflict or never learned them at all, as in Trump s case. Trump is a selfish coward at his core; a draft-dodger who then had the nerve to compare his promiscuity with the sacrifices of the hundreds of thousands of young Americans who perished in the jungles of Vietnam, a man who mocks war heroes and insults the families of our slain warriors, a man who uses our veterans for cheap propaganda stunts and tosses them aside once they ve served their purpose. Trump is uniquely ill-suited for the presidency, a man enslaved by his ego and devoid of principle negatives that deeply disturb Mr. Angell. Mr. Trump is endlessly on record as someone who will not back down, who cannot appear to pause or lose. He is a man who must win, stay on the attack, and who thinks, first and last, How will I look? This is central, and what comes after it, for me, at times, is concern for what it must be like for anyone who, facing an imperative as dark and unforgiving as this, finds only the narcissist s mirror for reassurance. On the other hand, Mr. Angell has glowing praise for Democratic nominee Hillary Clinton, a woman who has spent her entire life in public service, who has shown time and time again that she has a backbone of steel and is up to the pressures of the Presidency: I will cast my own vote for Hillary Clinton with alacrity and confidence. From the beginning, her life has been devoted to public service and to improving the lives of children and the disadvantaged. She is intelligent, strong, profoundly informed, and extraordinarily experienced in the challenges and risks of our lurching, restlessly altering world and wholly committed to the global commonality. Her well-established connections to minorities may bring some better understanding of our urban and suburban police crisis. Ms. Clinton will make a strong and resolute President at last, a female leader of our own and, in the end, perhaps a unifying one. He saves his best criticism for the end, however, as he nervously ponders what a President Trump might be responding to an ordinary day in the White House: If Donald Trump wins this election, his nights in the White House will very soon resemble those of President Obama. A new day is arriving, and with it the latest rush of bad news another police shooting out West, another suicide bomber in Yemen, and other urgent briefings from a world already caught up in the morning s difficult events. He needs to respond, but the beginning of this President s response is always reliably at hand: How will I look? We absolutely cannot elect a President that will put his own public image above the needs of the American people. Read the full article here. Add your name to millions demanding that Congress take action on the President s crimes. IMPEACH DONALD TRUMP!
Louisiana Cop Claims Murdering A 6-Year Old Child Was Self-Defense
A Louisiana deputy city marshal is in hot water after body cam footage revealed him shooting at a suspect who had his hands up in the air. This is, sadly, becoming too common a story in the news as awareness of problems with officers who have hair-trigger fingers grows. What makes this story sadly and horrifically unique, though, is that Deputy Derrick Stafford also shot and killed the suspect s six-year old son. And Stafford is claiming self-defense for that, because of course he is: Stafford, out of fear for his life and that of his fellow officers, began shooting at the vehicle to prevent any further actions by [Christopher] Few which would put the officers in imminent danger. Officers went after Christopher Few after watching an argument between him and his girlfriend outside a bar just before the 2015 shooting. They claimed witnessing domestic abuse as the reason they decided to chase down Few, whose six-year old son, Jeremy, was in the front passenger seat. 18 rounds were fired although Few had his hands up, but no firearm was found in the car, and Few and Jeremy were both shot while still in the car. Stafford and his partner, Norris Greenhouse, said that after Few drove forward and then backed up, they were in fear for their lives, so they fired. That s always the story, though. It makes us wonder just what police departments are teaching that so many officers shoot first and ask questions later, claiming they were in fear for their lives when it s obvious that their suspects were unarmed, and even had their hands in the air. Reports claim that neither Stafford nor Greenhouse knew Jeremy was in the car when they opened fire. Few was critically wounded, and Jeremy, who was autistic, non-verbal and in a special-needs first-grade class, was murdered. Stafford s plea of self-defense is a huge middle finger to Few and the rest of Jeremy s grieving family. Arguments will be heard in court next week, where Judge William Bennett will decide whether the indictments stand. Featured image via Louisiana State Police Facebook page
Paul Ryan defends Donald Trump, dodges on Machado comment
Story highlights Trump on Tuesday defended calling former Miss Universe Alicia Machado "Miss Piggy" back in the 1990s House Republicans gave Trump mixed reviews Washington (CNN) House Speaker Paul Ryan dodged Tuesday when asked about Donald Trump's criticism of a former Miss Universe, trying instead to put the focus on Hillary Clinton following the first presidential debate. Trump on Fox News Tuesday defended making critical remarks about former Miss Universe Alicia Machado's weight gain back in the 1990s. The Republican nominee said she had "gained a massive amount of weight and it was a real problem." Ryan, who has been critical of Trump's comments in the past, did not bite on this one, however. "I'm not going to get into the who said what this morning on a talk show because I didn't see it," Ryan said. "I think this debate, I think people, met their expectations, and I think Hillary gave a very polished, well-rehearsed status quo defense and I think Donald Trump gave a unique Donald Trump response to the status quo," Ryan added. Read More
Trump launches 'Crooked Hillary' Snapchat filter for debate
Donald Trump is turning to Snapchat to drum up support from young voters ahead of tonight's presidential debate. The Republican candidate's campaign launched a nationwide filter on the popular social network Monday. While some candidates including Hillary Clinton have paid for local Snapchat filters during regional events in the past, this is the first sponsored political filter available nationwide. Snapchat users now have the option to take selfies and photos with a picture frame design that says "Debate Day: Donald J. Trump vs. Crooked Hillary" before sharing with friends. The filter also features fireworks on the sides and a banner at the bottom with his campaign slogan, "Make America Great Again." Related: Say hello to Snap Inc. Anyone can create a filter on Snapchat using the app's Geofilters feature, but its availability is typically limited to proximity to an event, location or community. It's unclear how much Trump's campaign paid for the filter to show up for users nationwide. A spokesperson for the Trump campaign did not immediately respond to a request for comment. Sponsored filters have long been a way for Snapchat -- now rebranded as Snap Inc. -- to bring in ad dollars, in addition to showing sponsored videos within the app. Related: 100 million? Ratings expectations for first Trump-Clinton debate Trump and Clinton have used other social media networks, including Twitter (TWTR, Tech30) and Facebook (FB, Tech30), to target younger audiences. But Snapchat is notoriously popular with teens and millennials -- a core group of voters both candidates hope to win over. "Rather than actually try and persuade people, the Trump campaign is throwing money into a fire pit," the Clinton campaign said in a statement. "[This features] a joke that, given Trump's deep unpopularity with young voters, will be used mainly at their own expense." Looks like @BernieSanders campaign bought sponsored @Snapchat geotag filter at @HillaryClinton event pic.twitter.com/Yk6ZEMLUH1 Noah Gray (@NoahGrayCNN) January 25, 2016 Recent polls suggest Clinton has failed to gain the kind of enthusiasm that drove younger voters to the polls four and eight years ago. Between the two major party candidates, Clinton has used Snapchat more so far. Earlier this year, Clinton's camp launched a filter which targeted those attending a Trump rally in California. Clinton also released one during the Republican National Convention, which featured a quote from Trump about how Clinton would make a great president. During the primaries, presidential hopefuls like Bernie Sanders also used a filter during a Clinton rally.
Trump Said Not Paying Taxes Makes Him "Smart." Mark Cuban's Response Is Powerful
72k SHARES SHARE THIS STORY The first debate showdown of Republican nominee Donald Trump and Democratic nominee Hillary Clinton was expected to be a brutal altercation between the two candidates. Instead, the viewing audience was treated to a one-sided destruction with Clinton appearing cool and presidential, while Trump gave the worst debate performance in presidential history. Each candidate had the ability to invite guests for moral support, and Clinton invited billionaire Mark Cuban who has been one of the loudest voices against Trump in the media. There is no love lost between the two businessmen, and Cuban even said of Trump there was no bigger jagoff in the world. The indebted businessman happily admitted on stage in front of Cuban to being in debt at least $600 million. The shameless Trump, who became more unhinged as the night progressed, freely gave away one of his biggest secrets that he does not and has not paid any federal taxes in years. Clinton speculated about this, and like a predictable rube under the hot lights Trump cracked under the pressure. Rather than offer an explanation or deflection to Clinton s hypothesis Trump agreed he paid no taxes and said, That makes me smart. Trump s cheap explanation sounded like something a third grader on the playground would offer rather than a presidential candidate. An hour after the debate Trump immediately began walking back his statement, and denied he had ever said it. This type of shamelessness is difficult to combat. When asked , It sounds like you admitted you haven t paid federal taxes and that was smart. Is that what you meant to say? Trump replied, No, I didn t say that at all. Trump insulted every American who pays their fair share of taxes and Cuban was not amused nor impressed. After the debate Cuban said: I get audited every year my taxes are it takes me 45 minutes just to sign all the different taxes that I have to spend. And I tell my tax lawyers and everybody, you know, take advantage of do what the law recommends. But I m not against paying taxes. And I ll give you a perfect example. When the Dallas Mavericks were building a new practice facility which was just opening I had the opportunity to go to Dallas and and play different cities against each other to get different rebates and everything. I didn t do it. A couple years ago we had some issues in Dallas, I just wrote a check to the general treasury. This year we had, after the shootings in Orlando, I had concerns about the LGBT community in Dallas. I just wrote a million dollar check to the city of Dallas to support a bunch of different programs. I m, I m the luckiest guy in the world. There s nobody who s been as blessed as me and my family, so far, knock on wood, is healthy, and at some point you have to realize you have to give back. And you have to realize that this is a country that s been great to us. And you can t just take, take, take, take, take, take. .@mcuban on Trump saying not paying taxes makes him smart #debatenight pic.twitter.com/uPNunatukV Stefan Becket (@becket) September 27, 2016 The contrast between Cuban and Trump could not be more stark. Cuban believes in paying his fair share to society to help those who are less fortunate than him, while admitting he owes his success to society. Trump is content and even proud that he bleeds society for as much money as possible, while offering to pay back nothing. Did Trump say he was interested in paying higher taxes? No. Did Trump say he would like to reform the tax code so that he would be forced to pay higher taxes? No. Trump has no interest in paying his taxes to help fund schools so that children will grow to be more intelligent, because if they did they would certainly not support him. Trump has no interest in paying taxes to help pay for the roads which are used to deliver the cheaply made Chinese goods to which his name is affixed. In Trump s world there is a two-tiered system. One for him, and one for everyone else. Add your name to millions demanding that Congress take action on the President s crimes. IMPEACH DONALD TRUMP!
Lawyer Jailed For Wearing Black Lives Matter Pin In Court
An Ohio judge ordered an attorney jailed for five days after she refused to remove a Black Lives Matter pin she wore to court. The lawyer is appealing the case. Attorney Andrea Burton of Youngstown, Ohio, was charged with contempt of court and given a five-day jail sentence on July 22 after she refused to take off the pin at Judge Robert Milich's request, the New York Daily News reported. The judge reportedly called Burton, who was representing a client at the time, into his chambers and spoke privately to her about the matter. When the lawyer continued to wear the pin, he adjourned the proceedings and ordered her to be held on a contempt charge. Milich told WKBN he made his ruling based on Supreme Court precedent that allows judges to prohibit political expression in courtrooms. Popular Video This young teenage singer was shocked when Keith Urban invited her on stage at his concert. A few moments later, he made her wildest dreams come true. There s a difference between a flag, a pin from your church or the Eagles and having a pin that s on a political issue, Milich said. The judge claimed his decision was not influenced by his own personal views. "A judge doesn't support either side," he told WKBN. "A judge is objective and tries to make sure everyone has an opportunity to have a fair hearing, and it was a situation where it was just in violation of the law." Burton has been released pending an appeal on the condition that she refrain from wearing any items that make a political statement in court. If she loses the appeal, she will have to serve five days in jail. Popular Video This young teenage singer was shocked when Keith Urban invited her on stage at his concert. A few moments later, he made her wildest dreams come true: The attorney told New York Daily News that her constitutional right to free speech superseded Supreme Court case law and the judge's discretion. It's an act of civil disobedience, I understand that," Burton told NY Daily News. "I m not anti-police, I work with law enforcement and I hold them in the highest regard, and just to say for the record I do believe all lives matter. But at this point they don t all matter equally, and that s the problem in the justice system." Mike Brickner, the senior policy director of the American Civil Liberties Union of Ohio, said that judges are generally given a wide latitude in what they allow or don't allow in the courtroom, although their decisions must be reasonable and fairly applied. "There have been cases in the past when people have been given contempt of court for refusing to comply with a judge's order to remove an article of clothing that may have a message on it," Brickner wrote in a July 22 email to WKBN. "Many times this has been done to retain the defendant s right to a fair trial."
Charity: Clinton Foundation Distributed Watered-Down AIDS Drugs to Sub-Saharan Africa Eagle Rising
Former President Bill Clinton and his Clinton Health Access Initiative (CHAI) distributed watered-down HIV/AIDs drugs to patients in sub-Saharan Africa, and likely increased the risks of morbidity and mortality, according to a draft congressional report obtained by The Daily Caller News Foundation. The congressional report, titled, The Clinton Foundation and The India Success Story, was initiated by Rep. Marsha Blackburn, a Tennessee Republican and vice-chair of the House Energy and Commerce Committee. The CHAI program to help AIDS victims is considered one of the Clinton Foundation s most important contributions and is probably its best known initiative. The congressional report focused on Clinton s decade-long relationship with a controversial Indian drug manufacturer called Ranbaxy, which CHAI used as one of its main distributors of HIV/AIDS drugs to Third World countries. It also highlighted the work of Dinesh Thakur, a former Ranbaxy employee who became a star whistleblower and permitted the U.S. government to launch a landmark lawsuit against the Indian firm. The company was vulnerable to U.S. prosecution because it also sold its generic drugs on the U.S. market. Ranbaxy ultimately pleaded guilty in 2013 to seven criminal counts with intent to defraud and the introduction of adulterated drugs into interstate commerce. The Department of Justice further levied a $500 million fine and forfeiture on the company. This is the largest false claims case ever prosecuted in the District of Maryland, and the nation s largest financial penalty paid by a generic pharmaceutical company, said U.S. Attorney for the District of Maryland Rod J. Rosenstein when Ranbaxy pleaded guilty. When companies sell adulterated drugs, they undermine the integrity of the FDA s approval process and may cause patients to take drugs that are substandard, ineffective, or unsafe, said Stuart F. Delery, acting assistant attorney general for the civil division of the Department of Justice, when the government announced its action against the Indian company. The Department of Justice stated in its final settlement, alleged due to the company s diluted drugs, it subjected patients to increased risks of morbidity and mortality, according to the report. The question becomes, how many people lost their lives, how many people found it was a false promise, asked Blackburn in an interview with TheDCNF. The possibility that CHAI distributed adulterated and diluted AIDS drugs to Third World victims could shake the foundations of the Clinton charity and spark a new round of scrutiny in the final weeks of presidential candidate Hillary Clinton s campaign. Blackburn said she delivered the report to the inspector generals at the Department of Health and Human Services and to the Department of State, where Hillary served as secretary of state during President Barack Obama s first term. The congressional study also highlighted the unseemly ties between Bill and two controversial Indian-Americans who have been investigated and sanctioned by the Food and Drug Administration (FDA) and the Securities and Exchange Commission. The most troubling revelations concern the Clinton Foundation s vigorous promotion of Ranbaxy despite mounting evidence the Indian firm had persistently poor quality control and attempted to cover it up through either faulty or fraudulent reporting to the FDA. It is unclear at this juncture how many AIDS patients received the watered-down drugs. ProPublica estimated that in 2007 alone, the U.S. Agency for International Development allocated $9 million to Ranbaxy and delivered more than $1.8 million packages. Substandard HIV medicines cause health problems for patients, perhaps even accelerating death from HIV-related infections, Roger Bate, an economist at the American Enterprise Institute who researches substandard and counterfeit medicines, told TheDCNF. Thakur told TheDCNF that many of the company s anti-retroviral drugs were used to stabilize platelet and white blood cell counts in AIDS patients. These drugs allow it to stabilize and essentially provide immunity to patients. If the content of the medicine is not what is listed on the label, you will not see the platelet levels or the WBC levels stabilize, he said. Ranbaxy s first public hint of problems occurred in August 2004, one year after CHAI began working with the firm. The World Health Organization reported irregularities involving three Ranbaxy drugs in South Africa, according to the report. The FDA sent a public warning letter to Ranbaxy in 2006 about reported irregularities in the company s quality control efforts. It concluded that the drugs, which included anti-retroviral HIV/AIDs medications, show much lower potencies in these batches. Although Ranbaxy s generic drugs are now barred from being sold in the U.S., CHAI and the former president continue to praise Ranbaxy and distribute the company s HIV/AID drugs to patients abroad. Bill heaped praise on Ranbaxy in 2013 during a speech in Mumbai, saying, the drugs saved millions of lives. Neither CHAI nor the Clinton Foundation have announced they severed ties with Ranbaxy. Thakur said he s now a public health activist who tries to get global health charities to focus on the quality of drugs rather than simply on access to patients. The whistleblower tried to meet with CHAI and Clinton Foundation officials, but was only met with silence. I have tried to reach out to them, he told TheDCNF. But I haven t had a great amount of success with the Clinton Foundation. CHAI was a part of the Clinton Foundation until 2010, when it spun off into a separate entity. The groups still have some overlapping board members and staff, and they continue to operate in close coordination. Bill Clinton, for example, is deeply involved with both organizations. Charles Ortel, a Wall Street analyst who has been an outspoken critic of the legal missteps by the Clinton Foundation, claims their separation was deeply suspect. In the application, trustees of the new entity, including Bill Clinton, falsely claim the entity is not a successor to previous efforts. This is not true. They purposefully obscure the fact that a similar operation called CHAI was by far the largest piece of the original Foundation, Ortel told TheDCNF. The congressional study suggests Bill may have relaxed quality standards in a 2000 executive order. He signed an executive order that, relaxed intellectual property policy standards, promising the U.S. government would not revoke or revise the intellectual property laws of any Sub-Saharan country relating to HIV/AIDS medicines or technologies, the report states. CHAI announced in October 2003 it was going to distribute generic, low-cost HIV drugs from four foreign drug manufacturers: Ranbaxy; Cipla of Mumbai, India; Matrix Labs of Hydrabad, India; Aspen Pharmacare of Johannesburg, South Africa. CHAI s endorsement also allowed Ranbaxy to manufacture HIV drugs that would be bought by the U.S. government under the President s Emergency Plan for AIDS relief a $15 billion initiative proposed by former President George W. Bush. The flow of U.S. funds combined with Clinton s endorsement allowed the four foreign drug manufactures to become good acquisition targets, according to the study. Ranbaxy filed 10 abbreviated new drug applications, three of which were approved by the FDA, according to the congressional study. Eventually, the firm would produce 13 generic HIV drugs. The companies enjoyed great financial profits and they exploded as they partnered with the Foundation for several years, the report states. The study also examined the key players in the Clinton-CHAI orbit, the potential for corruption and how the program ultimately benefited the Clinton Foundation in terms of donor contributions. One relationship unearthed by the report was the American Indian Foundation, which Clinton co-founded with Indian-American businessmen Rajat Gupta and Vinod Gupta in 2001. Rajat was convicted of insider trading in 2012 in a sensational trial. Vinod eventually was forced to resign as CEO and chairman of the company InfoGroup and was fined $9 million in a Securities and Exchange Commission investigation. One of the charges stated Vinod had awarded Bill $3.3 million without board approval. Blackburn says the worst part of the story were the false hopes offered by the Clinton Foundation. You think about the emotional state of health care workers as they are dealing with these individuals and the emotional state of the patients. To me it s disturbing and very sad, she said. The views expressed in this opinion article are solely those of their author and are not necessarily either shared or endorsed by EagleRising.com
Trump s High-Energy War on American Politics
There is a moment at every Donald Trump rally when Donald Trump marvels at the crazy spectacle he s created. Is there any place in America as fun as a Donald Trump rally? he asks with a mischievous pursed-lip grin. The moment always comes after a protester tries to interrupt him, only to be drowned out by an arena full of rowdy white people screaming TRUMP! TRUMP! TRUMP! That s the fun part, the joint release of pent-up fury by thousands of proudly politically incorrect Americans. When you experience it in person, you can feel their catharsis as they vent at the whiners and moochers and Mexicans and Muslims taking over their country, gleefully defying the scolds who call them racist and rude for respecting the police and saying Merry Christmas. Donald Trump has singlehandedly untied our tongues, a chain-saw artist named Chris Cox, the founder of Bikers 4 Trump, told me at a recent Pensacola rally. Story Continued Below When Trump fans are asked about his appeal, the first thing they usually say is that he isn t a normal politician. And his rambling, fear-mongering, name-calling public speeches, no matter how hard his new handlers try to keep him on his new teleprompter, do not feel like normal political events. They feel like Wrestlemania with a different kind of hero and a different kind of performance art. They feel like revival meetings for the Donald J. Trump Church of Cultural Resentment, with ritual denunciations of Crooked Hillary Clinton, Barack Obama We call him President Obama, because we have to treat him with respect, right? and other enemies of the congregation. At a time when Americans say they re tired of politics as usual, Trump offers politics as deeply, often disturbingly, always unapologetically, unusual. His opponent does not. Clinton s events feel exactly like normal political events. She may be the world s most famous and polarizing woman, but she s running an almost generic Democratic campaign, politics as very usual. Tonight, Hillary Clinton will take on Donald Trump in perhaps the most anticipated presidential debate ever, a rhetorical clash of two candidates with diametrically opposed life histories, policy agendas, and bases of support. But their contrasting records and ideas haven t been the defining divides of this strange political year. What 2016 is really about is conventional versus not. And no matter what happens tonight, when you spend time at their diametrically opposed events, you re constantly reminded that what makes this year so abnormal is Trump. He is violating all the rules of the political game rules that promote pandering and artifice as well as rules that promote transparency and decency and when 2016 is over, it s not clear whether those rules will still apply. Whatever you think of Clinton, she tends to observe polite-society political traditions, which is why her events would feel familiar to anyone who s attended a modern campaign stop. The backdrops are decorated with red-white-and-blue bunting and talking-point slogans like Love Trumps Hate or Stronger Together. The small venues are selected to target niche groups millennials last week at Temple University in Philadelphia, the disabled a few days later at a family outreach center in Orlando and the crowds are carefully curated to avoid protests or other surprises. The speeches are standard campaign fare, dotted with wonky statistics and real-person anecdotes to buttress well-researched policy proposals. The candidate, as she has for nearly four decades in public life, sticks to her prepared text. Her audiences are supportive, though not particularly emotive. I thought it was very substantial, very specific, Glenn McCoy, an adult educator at a Catholic church who wore a Hil Yes! pin to Clinton s speech about supporting disabled workers in Orlando. The purpose wasn t to whip the crowd into a frenzy. We re not looking to choose a president based on emotion. Clinton had better hope not. There s electricity at Trump rallies that hers can t match. It s no coincidence that cable news often ignores her speeches to carry the Trump shows live. His crowds wait with giddy anticipation for him to name and shame enemies, like NASCAR fans waiting for wrecks, and they explode when he calls out the dishonest media, the job-stealing Chinese, the PC sensitivity snobs who think you re prejudiced if you want to keep illegal immigrants and Islamic terrorists out of the country. It s entertaining to watch him violate norms, declaring Clinton lacks the stamina to be president, suggesting her security detail ought to disarm, warning the election will probably be rigged. He flings out absurd claims about the skewing of the unemployment rate, the savagery of inner cities, even the temperature at his rallies. ( It s 100 degrees in here. And that s considered cool for an auditorium. ) He casually drops one outlandish bombshell the Federal Reserve is corrupt, the FBI is covering up for Clinton, NAFTA was the worst deal in the history of the world then moves onto another before the last fully explodes. Clinton doesn t do that. Whatever one thinks about her email protocols or Benghazi or her penchant for secrecy, she campaigns like a typical candidate. She has the strengths and weaknesses of a typical public servant, and takes typical measures to try to frame them for the public. Her problem is that Trump s unique combination of insult comedy and monster-truck rally, despite the flagrant abuse of facts and unsettling whiff of menace, is exposing the focus-grouped, stage-managed, paint-by-numbers nature of typical candidacies. Clinton isn t getting a lot of credit for following the rules of a game that always seemed inauthentic. Nobody understands that better than the political savant named Donald J. Trump. He tells a lot of straight-faced falsehoods about Clinton s campaign, like his accusations that it s policy-free, when he used to mock it for churning otut too many policy proposals, and when Trump himself recently laid off much of his policy shop. But there s something to his caricature of Clinton events as the lackluster politics of yesteryear. At a rally in Miami, he did a sly imitation of Clinton's speeches he claimed with faux specificity that they're only 18 minutes, when they're usually twice that long with a bored expression that suggested she just phones them in. Bom. Bom. Bom. See ya! Trump smirked. See ya! I m going home. Many Americans really do seem sick of Bom-Bom-Bom-See-Ya politics. But the live experience of Trump s say-anything middle-finger alternative can be a bracing advertisement for the mundane traditions he s shredding every day. *** Before attending a recent Trump rally in Pensacola, I watched a video of his last rally there during the Republican primary in January. At the time, the news from the event had been his I m-just-saying speculation that questions about Ted Cruz s citizenship might be disqualifying. But starting with the Star Spangled Banner, performed by a kids group that later sued Trump for breach of contract, the entire rally seemed like a trip through the looking glass to an alternative political planet. Trump spent the first 10 minutes of his hourlong soliloquy bashing the bad, dishonest, very bad people in the media for failing to show the public the size of his crowds, a theme he revisited three more times. He criticized a U.S. soldier for using the word sir to address the Iranians who briefly captured him. He advised Americans to take their money out of the stock market, which he described as a big fat bubble, and predicted a collapse that would be beautiful to watch. He gleefully pointed out a black man in the stands: I didn t put him there! I m not paying him! He read a long poem about a deadly snake that was supposed to show the danger of Syrian refugees, called himself more militaristic than anyone in this room, complained that Common Core education bureaucrats make $400,000 a year actually the president s salary and announced the American Dream was dead. Oh, he also unleashed a diatribe about incompetent contractors and staff after his microphone crackled. Whoever the hell brought this mic system don t pay the son of a bitch! he seethed. Don t pay em. Don t pay em. You know, I believe in paying, but when somebody does a bad job, like this stupid mic, you shouldn t pay the bastard. Terrible. You gotta be tough with your people, because they ll pay, they don t care. So we re not going to pay. I guarantee, I m not paying for this mic. So I was ready for more theater of the bizarre when Trump returned eight months later to Pensacola s 12,000-seat arena, which was once again packed to capacity. Vendors sold Trump That Bitch t-shirts and Trump 2016 Confederate flags. The pastor giving the invocation shouted: Tyranny has raised its ugly head! Our constitution is under attack! The crowd started chanting LOCK HER UP! before Trump even appeared. He then took the stage to a tremendous roar, and well, to be honest, he seemed a lot less provocative than I had expected. He s freeing up our speech, said one Trump supporter. We can talk about the Muslim invasion. We can be against amnesty Maybe we ll be able to say Merry Christmas again. Trump was now using a teleprompter, which he had derided as a tool of inauthenticity in January, and while he used it more as a guideline than a script, it was still jarring to hear him regurgitate staff-written clich s and Republican talking points about encrusted insiders and turning the page. He said the kind of things regular politicians say: The history books are closing on the failed politicians of yesterday. And: Once again, we ll have a government of, by, and for the people. He even recited the monotonous details of a military investment plan a conservative think tank had prepared for him, name-checking new naval vessels in a town with a naval base. The crowd was noisier and angrier than a normal political crowd during one Trump riff about lifting minorities out of poverty, a supporter in a red-white-and-blue trucker hat screamed: What about white people? but the rally still felt at least quasi-normal. Trump did repeat a few of his radical proposals that remain astounding when you think about them, like a 35 percent tax on imports and his Mexico-financed wall but really, who still thinks about them? Afterwards, though, I saw a breaking story about an offhand comment Trump had made warning that if Iranian sailors ever made rude gestures at Americans when he was president, as they apparently had during a minor incident a few weeks earlier, their ships would be blown out of the water. Trump had essentially threatened to launch World War 3, and I hadn t noticed. Back at my hotel, I checked my notes and was reminded that he had also literally accused Clinton of causing all the problems in the world, including North Korean nuclear tests that began under George W. Bush. He had mused that personally, I think she s an unstable person, and complained that she could walk into the arena and shoot someone right smack in the middle of the heart and she wouldn t be prosecuted, OK? He had denied cozying up to Russian dictator Vladimir Putin and then he had cozied up again: He s been nice to me, and if he s nice to me, that s fine. If we got along with Russia, that wouldn t be so bad, would it? And at a time of low unemployment, cheap gas, and new data showing that wages grew and poverty shrunk in 2015 at the fastest rate in decades, Trump had flatly declared that the country is collapsing. Those all would have been jaw-dropping statements during any other campaign from any other candidate, but the Year of Trump has desensitized many of us to his rapid-fire transgressions. We re normalizing the unprecedented. At a rally a few days later in Asheville, N.C., Trump called the U.S. military incredibly weak, defended a male spectator who roughed up a 68-year-old female protester, and said the black community which endured slavery and Jim Crow was in the worst shape they ve ever been. Ever! Ever! Ever! Yet the main Trump story from the Associated Press focused on how he had refrained from attacking Clinton over her bout with pneumonia, under the headline Restraint on Clinton Health Shows New Campaign Discipline. Predictably, Trump mocked Clinton s health problems later in the week, suggesting she needed more sleep, warning she didn t have enough energy to handle the rigors of the White House, falsely claiming he was holding four rallies a day and then just as falsely claiming she couldn t make it through one. That sort of behavior just hasn t been seen on the presidential campaign trail. But it s that defiant you-can t-tell-me-what-I m-supposed-to-say spirit that Trump loyalists love. He s not a politician. Nobody controls him. A lot of us are tired of worrying about people s feelings, always watching our P s and Q s, so it s cool to see him speak his mind, said Alan Smith, a 43-year-old firefighter from nearby Gulf Breeze who recently retired on his municipal pension. Bill Turpin, a retired Army veteran from Brayton, Iowa, told me at a Trump rally outside Des Moines that while Clinton is a classic politician for whom lying is like breathing he doesn t even believe the official story about her health, because he fainted once, and he didn t stumble around like she did on the video Trump is a businessman with nothing to fear: He ll call a spade a spade, and if you don t like it you can shove it. Again and again, Trump supporters told me they appreciated the way he was fighting the forces of political correctness, standing up for their right to primal-scream what they believe about immigrants and terrorists and Black Lives Matter thugs. He s freeing up our speech, said Norris Westfall, an auto detailer who wore an Infowars Liberty or Death t-shirt to a recent Trump rally in Asheville, N.C. We can talk about the Muslim invasion. We can be against amnesty without everyone saying we re offensive. Maybe we ll be able to say Merry Christmas again. It s fashionable to attribute the Trump phenomenon to economic anxiety, but the Trump voters I interviewed at four separate rallies almost never mentioned it, unless complaints that the undocumented are getting jobs and welfare benefits counts as economic anxiety. They seemed less anxious about the state of the Obama economy than the rise of the multicultural Obama coalition, and they seemed less anxious than pissed off at a president many of them still consider a foreign usurper, at thought leaders more worried about Islamophobia than Islamic terror, at racial guilt-trippers who demonize cops while ignoring black-on-black crime. In Asheville, I watched an Air Force veteran named Gary Latham explode at some anti-Trump protesters who were chanting that they didn t want hate in their state: Lazy motherfuckers! Get a fucking job! He explained to me that America was under siege, with thousands of Syrian refugees embedded in western Carolina, and that he was proud to be one of the vigilant Americans Clinton considered deplorable. The Trump voters I interviewed seemed less anxious about the Obama economy than the rise of the multicultural Obama coalition and they seemed less anxious than pissed off. One of the speakers before Trump took the stage in Asheville was a white-haired lady who owns a custom frame shop and serves in the state legislature. She used the opportunity to proclaim: We want our state rights back! We re sick of the same old racism crap getting shoveled down our throats, says Kim Buckner, a nursing assistant who wore a Don t Tread on Me pin to the Asheville rally. Trump is saying what we re all thinking: Screw you! Call us deplorable all you want! Our rights don t end where your feelings begin! Trump echoes those anti-anti-racism tropes, describing accusations of racism as the oldest play in the Democratic playbook. And he s begun regaling his white audiences with increasingly lurid descriptions of inner-city life, arguing that it s so hellish blacks might as well vote Trump: I ll say it openly, and some people don t like it, I don t really care: What do you have to lose? His long riffs about how he ll fix neighborhoods so awful that blacks can t walk down the street without getting shot have been described as outreach to non-racist whites, but in person, they feel much more like creepy concern-trolling for the benefit of jeering Trump fans who want to believe that blacks live like animals. When Trump claims that black youths don t get an education and have an unemployment rate of 58 percent the real rate is about one third of that he s fueling the kind of ugly stereotypes found all over the white-supremacy sites he retweets every now and then. The Trump supporters I interviewed seemed much less interested in supporting inner-city blacks than criticizing their lifestyles, bemoaning their dependence on government, and blaming their president. Polls show that most Trump supporters still think Obama was born in Kenya and many I spoke to believe he s also a Muslim who supports ISIS. One notable exception was Richard Cohen, a Jewish contractor who attended the rally in Asheville. Cohen told me Trump is pandering to racism, anti-Semitism, and fear of Hispanics among his supporters; he said a white friend with two adopted black sons left an earlier Trump event after hearing spectators yell the N-word. But Cohen supports Trump anyway, because he likes the idea of shaking up the timid, finger-in-the-wind political establishment. A lot of us who like him don t like the stuff he says about race, Cohen said. Obviously, some do. This really isn t normal. And while Clinton is an unlikely poster child for normal a First Lady whose husband was impeached after cheating on her with an intern, a Secretary of State who agreed to serve the younger man who foiled her own presidential dreams she presents herself on the trail as a dedicated but ordinary public servant who happens to be the alternative to a bigoted freak. I remember watching her execute a similar strategy in 2000 when she ran for a Senate seat in New York even though she had never lived in the state or pursued public office, even though her husband was still in the White House after his tabloid scandal had transfixed the nation. She simply ignored the weirdness of it all, running as a standard-issue Democrat in a Democratic state, diligently discussing dairy policy and upstate development as if nothing else mattered. And against a basically normal Republican candidate, it worked. A majority of New Yorkers agreed with her agenda, and sent her to the Senate to pursue it. In 2016, though, Clinton has struggled to make a case for normal. She s tried to push a standard-issue Democratic agenda, but in the Year of Trump, the race hasn t been about standard anything. *** Nearly one of every five Americans lives with a disability, and just about everyone else wishes them the best. So Clinton s Orlando speech about valuing their work made sense politically as well as morally, as an expression of her commitment to helping the vulnerable and creating an Inclusive Economy, to quote the clunky slogan behind her podium. In the I-4 corridor that constitutes the swingiest region of the swingiest state, Clinton spoke to 300 supporters a much smaller crowd than Trump regularly attracts, but far more diverse about her goal of an America that recognizes the humanity and supports the potential of all its citizens. She also laid out a four-part plan her policy team had devised to help more disabled Americans flourish in the economy. Just two months before Election Day, the speech was designed to illustrate Clinton s concern about a worthy issue. It did that, more or less. Afterwards, her supporters praised her seriousness of purpose, her depth of knowledge, her willingness to listen. Nobody mentioned eloquence or flair, but her people understand that she never hosted a reality show. I thought it was a nice speech, Lewis Smith, a retired mechanic in Orlando, told me afterwards. Not very exciting, but I believe she ll do what she says. The speech started slowly, as Clinton spent nearly the first half on shoutouts to key supporters, a few made-for-TV soundbites about the riots in Charlotte, and an abridged version of her broader stump speech about an economy that works for everyone. Her speechwriters clearly cut-and-pasted in some of her standard lines about her middle-class origins, her support for family-friendly policies like paid leave, and a plug for her new book of campaign proposals about everything from Alzheimer s disease to campus sexual assault to small business incubators. The rest of the speech was dedicated to the proposition that Clinton is committed to promoting the talents and dreams of disabled Americans who have been undervalued by society for too long. It was a nice sentiment, expressed through the kind of political saccharine that sends viewers scurrying for the remote control: Across the country, people with disabilities are running businesses, teaching students, caring for our loved ones. They re holding public office, making breakthrough scientific discoveries, reporting the news, and creating art that inspires and challenges us. Maybe some disabled Americans create uninspiring art, but not in Hillary Clinton speeches. In the United States of America, the greatest country in the world, we believe that everyone is created equal, Clinton said. This kind of boilerplate scores a lot higher in truth value than in news value. Clinton did talk about her own work with the disabled, from her push for their right to attend school as a young Children s Defense Fund lawyer to her appointment of the State Department s first-ever advisor for disability rights. She mentioned disabled people she s known including the unbelievably good-looking actor Christopher Reeve, who told her that family values should mean that every family has value and her discussions with advocates who said they want paychecks rather than pity. She then detailed her plan, which, while infinitely more substantive than anything Trump has ever said about disabilities, was mostly placeholders about partnering with schools and businesses, plus an elimination of the sub-minimum wage that is currently paid to some disabled workers. The audience responded with warmth, if not exuberance. But I must confess that after watching Trump claim Obamacare deductibles were so high you need to die a really slow, vicious death to exhaust them, accuse the Federal Reserve and the Justice Department of corruption, and tell his supporters he doesn t feel bad if they re working harder than ever because he is too, Clinton s scripted remarks seemed noticeably dull. She gave a laudable and sensible political speech on an overlooked topic, but it felt like a political speech, a combination of virtue signaling and interest-group outreach. Cable covered a Trump rally instead, and was rewarded when boxing promoter Don King dropped an N-bomb in his introduction. There was nothing controversial or unpredictable in Clinton s remarks; they mostly proved that she and her team had done their homework, and that unlike Trump, who talks mostly about himself, she knows enough to portray herself as part of a team. She didn t even mention Trump s reprehensible imitation of a disabled reporter, because she wanted a more positive message that day. She was careful to say nothing impolitic, which is, basically, politics. Geannie Bastian, a student with cerebral palsy, said her political awakening came when Trump made fun of that reporter. Believe me, I ve seen that gesture a lot, but before it was always from children, she said. Trump is every playground bully every disabled kid ever knew. In fairness to Clinton, there was a portion of the audience that seemed genuinely touched: The disabled and their families. Joe Kilsheimer, the mayor of a central Florida suburb, has a younger brother who was written off by doctors as a hopeless case when he was a baby, but went on to become the first Eagle Scout with Down s Syndrome and lead a productive life. What Hillary said about an inclusive economy really hit home, Kilsheimer said. I know a lot of people don t trust her, because they see her filtered through politics and media, but she s got heart. Geannie Bastian, a University of Central Florida film student with cerebral palsy who gets around in a wheelchair, said she was moved by Clinton s message that people like her matter and deserve to fulfill their potential. But she said her real political awakening came when Trump made fun of that reporter, whose hand looks quite similar to hers. Believe me, I ve seen that gesture a lot, but before it was always from children, she said. Trump is every playground bully every disabled kid ever knew. Political scientists disagree about the importance of enthusiasm; voters only get to vote once, no matter how fired up they are, but they re less likely to turn out to vote if they aren t fired up. In any case, even at her own events, it s a lot easier to find voters fired up to vote against the outrageousness of Trump than it is to find avid Clinton fans. Voters of color seem especially riled. I repeatedly heard from black Democrats offended by Trump s crusade to deny that the first African-American president was American, and his stereotypes of their families as desperate charity cases with nothing to lose. My daughter has a doctorate. Her husband is an orthodontist. We ve got plenty to lose, said Betty Edwards, a retired educator in the Orlando suburbs. There s never been a candidate who thought so little of us. Many Hispanics are similarly energized by Trump s calls for mass deportations and a wall, sensing not just honest disagreements over immigration policy but a broader push to make them feel like strangers in their own country. Andy Gutierrez, a singer and Puerto Rican voting activist who brought a Boricua Vota sign to the Orlando event, says Trump has been a one-man registration machine. He thinks we re all Mexicans, and we re all bad, Gutierrez said. People aren t super-excited about Hillary, but trust me, they ll come out to stop Trump. Clinton s excitement problem is a real problem. At her university event in Philadelphia, millennials who had swooned over Bernie Sanders kept talking about her in the milquetoast terms they might use to describe a reasonably reliable accountant. She s OK, I guess, said Thomas Davidenko, a freshman at Temple. My main worry is Trump s fingers on the nuclear code. But I d say she knows what she s doing. In Orlando, I met more actual Clinton fans, especially older women who admired her as a feminist trailblazer, but even her staunch supporters said they re struggling to persuade friends. Lou Smith, a union cell-tower technician for AT&T, said many of his Arab-hating white colleagues at work think she s a typical lying politician, so they re voting for Trump and her Bernie-loving daughters think the same thing, so they re staying home. She s been around so long, and Republicans have thrown so much mud on her, he said. She s great on the issues, but it s hard to get people to focus on that. Clinton is a policy wonk, and one could imagine that a more normal campaign against a more normal Republican would have been closer to her wheelhouse. She could have focused on taxes and health insurance, climate change and diplomacy. She might have framed the election as the Democratic bottom-up approach that produced prosperity during her husband s administration and recovery during Obama s with the trickle-down philosophy that ended in economic collapse under Bush. When Bill Clinton was in the chair, everybody was doing great, and then everything fell apart before Obama fixed it, said Jeneka Lloyd, who owns a small painting business in Orlando. Man, Hillary should talk about that. But Trump is not a normal Republican, and 2016 hasn t focused on his policies, because they re so insubstantial and flexible, because he s trashed Bush as well as Obama, because he has a gift for changing the subject with colorful Fox News interviews or incendiary tweets, and because his business record, charity scams and racial provocations provide such a target-rich environment beyond the issues. It s a lot harder to persuade Americans of the magical thinking behind Trump s plan to erase the national debt while expanding the military and slashing taxes than it is to attack him for denigrating a Gold Star family, looting his own charitable foundation, refusing to release his tax returns, and other unheard-of behavior. Meanwhile, the media have balanced the narrative with scandal coverage of her sketchy email situation and her own foundation. Her approval ratings have dropped lower than any modern major-party presidential nominee with the lone exception of Donald Trump. So Clinton has ended up in the proverbial mud-wrestling match with a pig. They ve both gotten dirty. And neither she nor the public has liked it. *** Tonight on Long Island, Trump and Clinton will meet in a very conventional setting. And as usual, no one really has any idea how Trump will try to handle it, which is a big part of what makes him so compelling on television. His team is already warning moderator Lester Holt not to fact-check the candidates, which makes sense, given Trump s distant relationship with facts. There will be rules governing the debate, but Trump s political brand is all about breaking the rules. What is clear is that Trump will portray himself as the candidate of change, which is exactly what he is. He essentially wants to roll back the Obama era, repealing the president s health care reforms, Wall Street reforms and climate rules, as well as the Obama approach to the economy and the war on terror. But Trump represents just as dramatic a change from the way politics has been practiced in the TV era, upending every assumption about what is a gaffe, what is disqualifying and what you just can t say if you want to sit in the Oval Office and represent an entire nation. If he uses tonight s debate to brag about his genitalia, or invite the Russians to hack his opponent, well, it won t be normal, but it won t be the first time, either. And yes, even though she s unlikely to put it this way, Clinton represents the status quo not just a continuation of Democratic policies, but a continuation of the conventional rules of politics. She s playing the same classical music that previous candidates always played, and it wouldn t feel so stilted if her opponent hadn t started playing experimental honky-tonk. The question for 2016 is whether Americans are so disgusted with politics as usual that they ll turn to the politics of Trump. That question will be decided not by the thousands of Americans who flock to Trump rallies or the hundreds who get invited to see Clinton, but by the millions who will tune in tonight even though they would never attend a political event. But the question beyond 2016 is what will happen to politics as usual. Americans never liked it, and Trump has helped expose how cautious, contrived, and anodyne it can be. But he has also helped remind those of us who have complained about it for a living that if caution, restraint, premeditated choreography, and other hallmarks of traditional campaigning aren t the most authentic elements of successful political leadership, they re part of it. And while politics as usual does have some bogus Kabuki theater qualities, it also reflects some baseline values showing basic respect to political opponents and people who aren t like you, staying at least close to the boundaries of plausible facts, recognizing that the things leaders say and do and tweet can have serious consequences that have constrained politicians in a good way. It s not clear whether it will be possible to put the norms Trump has shattered back together, and while we may not have liked them, we might miss them when they re gone. Not many of us would be better at our jobs if we felt unrestrained from saying whatever popped into our head whenever we wanted. And Trump just may have untied the tongues of the politicians of the future. Michael Grunwald is a senior staff writer for Politico Magazine.
Donald Trump is RIGHT on Profiling [VIDEO] Eagle Rising
HBO s Real Time host Bill Maher someone not often inclined to side with Donald Trump said that Trump is right about profiling in the context of how to deal with terrorism. Here s what he said: He is for profiling, that s what he said. But he said we should do it the way Israel does. And, like, every once in while Donald Trump says something right. Because we profile already, we just do it stupidly. All police work is profiling. Discrimination does not mean prejudice; discrimination means telling un-like things apart What they do is they hire really smart people. This is not the TSA, which is just guys giggling at your balls when they re looking a screener. If we would pay people $100,000 to do this job, we could get the kind of people who do it in Israel. And, again, we re just talking about a few questions. We re not talking about the rubber hose or sending you to a black site. I mean, I don t think this is too much of a sacrifice to ask. He s definitely right about the TSA. Their scanners and pat-down agents don t do anything to prevent terrorism. Not only has the TSA caught zero terrorists and stopped zero terrorist attacks, they have a 95% failure rate. That means, that they ll catch contraband roughly 5% of the time. The rest of the time, it gets through. It s a wonder that we haven t dealt with another 9/11-style attack over the past 15 years. How does an institution with such an abysmal track record even exist? (Dumb question, I know it s government, so of course, it s going to be nothing but expensive and ineffective.) The views expressed in this opinion article are solely those of their author and are not necessarily either shared or endorsed by EagleRising.com
Hillary Clinton prepares for unpredictable Trump at presidential debate
New York (CNN) Hillary Clinton is visiting only two battleground states this week -- hardly a sign of confidence at her standing 49 days before the election, but an acknowledgement that one task reigns above all: Preparing for her first face-to-face confrontation with Donald Trump. While she is set to make a quick trip to Florida on Wednesday, after dipping into Pennsylvania on Monday, Clinton will devote the lion's share of her time huddling with her debate team, gaming out how she will confront Trump next Monday night at Hofstra University. The lead Clinton enjoyed for months in swing state and national polls has all but evaporated, raising the stakes for the first debate. The terrorism investigation in New York and New Jersey has also added to the urgency of her first meeting with Trump, which will touch on a litany of economic and security issues. Clinton, who has participated in more debates than any presidential candidate in recent history, faces a new challenge with Trump. She is preparing for Trump to confront her on a litany of uncomfortable subjects, ranging from her email scandal to Bill Clinton's infidelity to her health. Trump showed he was willing to go there Tuesday when he tweeted, "Hillary Clinton is taking the day off again, she needs the rest. Sleep well Hillary - see you at the debate!" JUST WATCHED They can't say that on a debate stage...can they? Replay More Videos ... MUST WATCH They can't say that on a debate stage...can they? 01:23 Clinton, in a radio interview Tuesday, said she was ready to deal with Trump's attacks. "I am going to do my very best to communicate as clearly and fearlessly as I can in the face of the insults and the attacks and the bullying and the bigotry that we have seen coming from my opponent," Clinton said Tuesday on the Steve Harvey Radio show. "I can take it, Steve. I can take that kind of stuff. I have been at this, I understand it is a contact sport." To knock Trump off his game, people advising Clinton have been looking for a one-line retort that will be a memorable moment from the contest. Clinton has spent hours watching a highlight reel of Trump's Republican primary debates, according to several people familiar with her debate preparation. She took notes on what agitated him, particularly in his exchanges with rival Ted Cruz, and studied his style. But Democrats worry the first debate will give Trump a chance to show a more moderate, controlled side, while millions of people watch, possibly for the first time. This, according to people who have recently talked with the former secretary of state, is not lost on Clinton. Clinton told supporters at an August fundraiser that a friend told her: "There will be about 100 million people watching and 60 million will be paying attention to the campaign for the first time. So don't assume they have followed anything." "There will be a lot of new impressions to be made that night," Clinton said. A team of veteran advisers are leading her debate effort, including Ron Klain, who advised Obama, and Karen Dunn, a long-time lawyer and aide. She is not setting up a formal "debate camp," aides said, but intends to be secluded at her home in Chappaqua, New York, in the days leading up to the debate to prepare for her showdown on Monday. Clinton has also spent considerable time reading briefing books about Trump's policy, personality and politics, including receiving input from Tony Schwartz, who was the co-author for "Art of the Deal," the best-seller about Trump. Expectations game Clinton aides worry that they can't lower expectations enough ahead of the event. "For all his lack of substance, Trump's showmanship, as ex-reality TV star, makes him a formidable debate foe. He thrashed his rivals in GOP debates," Brian Fallon, Clinton's national press secretary, tweeted in August. With her Senate contests in 2000 and 2006, along with more than two dozen debates with Barack Obama in 2008 and nine meetings with Bernie Sanders in this primary campaign, she has stood on a debate stage more than 40 times. Trump will not be the first unconventional opponent Clinton has faced in a debate. Clinton all-but ended her 2000 Senate race against Rick Lazio during one of their debates when she stood strong as the Republican representative approached her lectern with a piece of paper and demanded she pledge to support stricter campaign finance rules. Lazio's bizarre move was seen as bullying and rude and Clinton handily beat him by 12 points in November. JUST WATCHED Debate expectations game is serious business Replay More Videos ... MUST WATCH Debate expectations game is serious business 02:46 Her debate last fall against four Democratic primary opponents was seen as an outright win for the secretary of state because of the way she handled prickly questions, including about whether she is progressive enough for the current bent of the Democratic Party. "I'm a progressive. But I'm a progressive who likes to get things done," Clinton said, rolling out a line she would later use repeatedly while campaigning. Clinton's performances have not been without missteps, however. The former senator from New York cited the September 11, 2001, terrorist attacks when asked about her ties to Wall Street, a response that aides later said came because their candidate was somewhat flustered by Vermont Sen. Bernie Sanders attacking her on the issue. Which Trump will show up? In the last few weeks, as Clinton has publicly turned to a more affirmative message, the former secretary of state has started to focus on how to present her own policies and defend herself against attacks. Clinton and her campaign aides have tried to keep a lid on leaks about Clinton's debate process, preferring not to telegraph to the Trump campaign how the former secretary of state will go after the businesses magnate. When asked about the debates, Clinton has tried to laud Trump's debating skill while admitting that it is for her to have a strong showing at Hofstra. "I do not know which Donald Trump will show up," Clinton said at an August fundraiser in New York. "Maybe he will try to be presidential and try to convey a gravity that he hasn't done before or will he come in and try to insult and try to score some points."
Donald Trump, Germany s disfavored son POLITICO
KALLSTADT, Germany Few places in Germany are as representative of the country s heartland as Kallstadt, the village in which U.S. Republican presidential candidate Donald Trump s grandfather was born and from which he was later deported. The hamlet of 1,200 people lies nestled among vineyard-covered hills, about an hour-and-a-half s drive southwest of Frankfurt. It has one bakery and one butcher. Every year, Kallstadt holds the Saumagenkerwe in celebration of the eponymous local delicacy: pig s stomach filled with pork, herbs, bratwurst and diced potatoes. Trump may have captured a large swath of the American electorate with his signature blend of populism, nativism and brazenness. And yet, in the hometown of his forefather, he remains distinctly unpopular. In fact, few politicians are less popular in Germany than Trump. A study by the Pew Research Center found out that only 6 percent of the country finds him trustworthy. Since a local newspaper discovered that Johannes Steiniger, a member of the German parliament, was distantly related to Trump, the 29-year-old has done all he can to distance himself from the presidential candidate. With his statements about gay people and foreigners, or with the language he uses, and with his derogative statements about Hillary Clinton, Trump seems to do everything he can so that we get a negative image of him, Steiniger tells POLITICO. Trump s rhetoric regarding immigrants and racial minorities is especially unpopular in Kallstadt. He stands for everything that s bad, says Sarah B hler, yelling to be heard over the 20-person brass band celebrating the Saumagenkerwe in the town s main square. B hler is a former local wine princess, the 2009 victor of a beauty pageant to promote the local wine industry. This year, a new dish appeared in the town s annual festival: Saumagen-D ner, a fusion of the local specialty with a Turkish kebab. Everyone is welcome to join us here, no matter what color they are, says B hler. Pink, purple, doesn t matter. Tanja Huber, the 24-year-old incumbent regional wine princess, nods her head in agreement. Since the prospect of a Trump presidency first became evident late last year, reporters have descended on Kallstadt, seeking a bit of local color, a quote or two, and perhaps some hometown pride. They don t get that we really don t give a damn about Trump, says Huber. He s never been here, and he apparently doesn t care about us, either. * * * Donald s grandfather, Friedrich Trump, was born in Kallstadt into a vintner s family on March 14, 1869. Previous generations of the Trump family used variant spellings of the name, including Trump, Dromb and Trumpff, according to local historians, or even Drumpf, according to a 2000 family history by Gwenda Blair; but by the time Friedrich was born they had settled on Trump. Germany did not yet exist as a nation; Kallstadt was part of the province of Palatinate in the Bavarian Kingdom. The region was going though rough times. Unemployment was high. Those who had the courage, left. Friedrich s father died when he was eight years old, and his mother struggled to make ends meet. At 16 years old, Friedrich decided to follow his sister Katharina, who had emigrated to the United States two years earlier. He arrived in New York on board the Eider on October 19, 1885. He entered the U.S. through official channels, but he had left Bavaria illegally. Both he and his mother must have known that he would not have been granted official permission to leave the country unless he had paid a bail guaranteeing that he would later return to do his mandatory military service, said Roland Paul, the recently-retired director of the Institute for Palatinate Regional History and Folklife Studies in the city of Kaiserslautern. According to documents uncovered by Paul, Friedrich was stripped of his Bavarian citizenship as his own request four years after arriving in the U.S. But Friedrich was not done with Palatinate. Seven years after his citizenship was withdrawn, he visited the land of his birth to attend the wedding of his sister, according to the 2000 family history by Blair. Five years after that, he returned once more to Kallstadt, where he met 20-year-old Elisabeth Christ; they were engaged, and Friedrich came back a third time to marry her in August 1902. But while the couple moved back to New York soon after the marriage and had a daughter, Friedrich had promised his wife that he would sell his property in the U.S. and return to the land of their birth. My grandmother said, I will marry you, but I will not go back to America with you, Donald Trump s American-born cousin John Walter told German filmmaker Simone Wendel in 2012. Friedrich seemed intent on keeping his promise. In 1904, he applied for permission to travel to Kallstadt. And although he claimed in his application that he intended to return to the United States within a year with the purpose of residing and performing the duties of citizenship therein, he took all his savings from the U.S. with him, according to Blair s family history. Back in Kallstadt, Friedrich attempted to get his citizenship back. But though he secured the support of local authorities, the district government put a halt to his plans. On February 27, 1905, a deportation notice was sent to the town office of Kallstadt declaring that Friedrich was to be told he has to leave Bavarian state territory by May 1 of this year, at the latest. Friedrich was able to obtain a three-month grace period because his daughter had fallen ill. But eventually, he and his wife pregnant once more had no choice but to board the ship Pennsylvania on July 1, 1905, and return to New York. Shortly after that, Donald s father, Fred Trump Junior, was born. [The authorities] said, You are not a German citizen, you gave up your citizenship, you have to leave, says Walter. So they left and they went back to America, and that s why Donald and I are here. Friedrich now named Frederick died in May 1918 of the Spanish flu. His widow survived her first husband by 48 years and visited Kallstadt many times during her life. * * * In February 2012, Simone Wendel, the German filmmaker from Kallstadt, was given an audience with Donald Trump. Roughly two years earlier, she had begun work on Kings of Kallstadt, a documentary about the two most famous sons of her tiny hometown: Donald Trump and Henry John Heinz, the inventor of Heinz Ketchup. For months, Wendel had tried to arrange a meeting with Trump, but his office had not replied to her letters. She was only able to secure a visit with the help of Walter, Trump s cousin, who had visited Kallstadt and seemed happy with the attention she was paying to the family history. On the day of her visit, Wendel stood nervously next to Walter in a conference room on one of Trump Tower s top floors. She had brought a Linzer torte and two bottles of wine with screw-on tops. Her plan was to sit down with Walter and Trump for coffee and cake, the traditional afternoon snack in her home region. But when she asked Trump s staff to make some coffee, the only reaction she got was irritated faces. His assistant just couldn t be bothered, she says. Hello, John, Trump said, when he entered the room, shaking his cousin s hand and looking confused at Wendel in her loose turtle neck and the lonely cake on the huge table in front of her. Trump sat down in front of a one-meter-long model of his Boeing 757-200 airliner and a panoramic window overlooking New York s Central Park. Wendel, trying to remedy the situation, pushed the cake in his direction and asked him to smell it. Afterwards, I just kept on thinking, What on earth did I do? she says. The cake looks really good, Trump said, and he and Wendel ended up talking for almost an hour. Until 1990, Trump still claimed his family was Swedish, a version of his family history first introduced by his father in reaction to the anti-German sentiment in the U.S. during the two World Wars. But by the time Wendel visited, he had become proud of his German roots. They grow them well in Kallstadt, he told her during their meeting. They grow them very well. Believe me. It s good stock. Wow, it s beautiful, Trump said when she handed him a picture of the house where his grandfather was born, an inconspicuous one-story building with a gable roof. That s fantastic. See how well-maintained it is? Everything is perfectly maintained. It s great. When their interview was over, Walter took Wendel on a tour of Trump Tower. On one of the floors, they ran into Trump s son, Eric Trump. Have you ever heard the word Kallstadt? Wendel asked him. Kallstadt? Trump Junior replied, No, what is it?
BREAKING: Hollywood Legend Just Died Of Terrible Disease
Hollywood loses yet another one of their dearest actresses, and we are heartbroken. She was born in Chicago Illinois on December 27, 1942 and loved by anyone and everyone who came in contact with her. Many of you probably remember the legendary actress as Liesl Von Trapp from The Sound of Music. Charmian Carr definitely left an imprint on Hollywood, and she will never be forgotten. TMZ reported the death of the 73-year-old on Sunday September 18, 2016. Carr s rep stated that she died from complications from dementia. Apparently she was battling a rare form of the disease. Carr s story was a very unique one, which makes her acting journey so special. At the time that she auditioned for The Sound of Music she was a student at the San Fernando Valley State College. She was studying speech therapy and philosophy, and was also working for a doctor. I was going to college and getting extra spending money by modeling in fashion shows in one of the stores. One of the girls who modeled with me knew that Robert Wise, producer-director of The Sound of Music had been conducting a four-month search for someone to play the part of 16-year-old Liesl. My friend, without my knowing it, sent in my picture and explained in a note that I sang and danced. I received a call from Mr. Wise to come for a tryout. It took me completely by surprise After completing The Sound of Music and several other acting parts, Carr left her career in acting and pursued another life-long dream of hers. Charmian started her own interior design business Charmian Carr Designs and surprisingly it took off a lot easier than she expected especially after being hired by Michael Jackson. Carr married Jay Brent who was a dentist in 1967 and 24 years later the couple got a divorce. They had two beautiful daughters together. She is survived by all of her siblings, her daughters and her grandchildren. She brought joy to everyone around her and even still today she is known and loved by those who watch her shows. Her smile lit up every room she walked into and her positive personality was contagious. Please continue to keep this family in your prayers as they mourn the loss of their loved one. I can t help but watch this over and over and think that there will never be anyone who could replace this woman! RIP CHARMIAN CARR.
Worst. President. Ever.
As my 25th wedding anniversary approached, I tried to be creative in buying gifts for my wife. I had the idea of a silver coin that marked 25 years of something or other. I went to a local coin shop, and as I idled over some of the display cases, I noticed a set of coins from the mid-19th century. Oddly, the coins from the 1840s and 1850s were large up until 1857, when the coins started becoming, at best, half the size of the others. Oh, the Panic of 1857, the owner said when I asked him about the change of size. It was really bad. The president didn t seem to have any solution except to use less gold or silver in the coins. Story Continued Below Now that is inept presidential decision-making. During the current election campaign, there has been a lot of gnashing of teeth over the possibility that whoever the winner is he or she will be so terrible as a leader they will bring down the republic as the worst president since independence. And before the current candidates were known, the two most recent White House occupants, Barack Obama and George W. Bush, have been consistently reviled by their detractors as the worst men to lead the country. But Obama and Bush can both take heart. And Donald Trump and Hillary Clinton can gain solace, perhaps, from knowing that no matter how badly they do, they almost certainly won t rank last. By my reckoning, that place belongs to James Buchanan, genial a man though he was. I ve made quite a study of him. My innocent encounter at the coin shop only reinforced my lifelong determination to take an offbeat look at, let s say, the lesser presidents. My father was definitely the only one in our suburban neighborhood with a biography of Franklin Pierce. Everywhere we went, he forced me to read historical plaques stopping the car in a shrieking halt at times to view them. If I were to write a book about a president, it surely wouldn t be about Washington or Lincoln, or even Silent Cal Coolidge. It would have to be about someone as ineffectual as possible. Buchanan, the only president from my native state, Pennsylvania, turned out to be my man. Start with his anemic, minimalist solution to one of America s great financial downturns. For a long time before Buchanan, in effect, precipitated the Panic of 1857, things were going well for the country, at least in an economic sense. There had been a bad downturn 20 years before, with multiple causes, like war in Europe, the dissolution of the Bank of the United States, and overspeculation in, oddly enough, slaves and Western land. The great acquisition of land under President James Knox Polk, from Oregon to California to Texas, reinvigorated the economy, and a boom lasted for the next two decades. Railroads were the big player, since so many people wanted to move West into the new territories and states. Manufacturing boomed domestically, and then with foreign trade as well, since Europe had quelled many of its hostilities and American items were cheaper than those on the Continent. Then the day before Buchanan took office, Congress passed what he wanted, the Tariff Bill of 1857, which lowered tariffs on a panoply of items from abroad Buchanan wanted to stimulate foreign trade but made American manufactured goods of the same sort less competitive. Three days later came the real fatal blow, though, the Dred Scott Supreme Court decision, which fell on the shoulders of Buchanan. The case had wound through state and federal courts for at least a decade, but Roger Taney, the Supreme Court chief justice, and a fellow alumnus, with Buchanan, of small Dickinson College, wanted it settled. Scott was a slave to a military man who at times was stationed not in his native Missouri, a slave state, but in the Northwest Territories, which were nonslave. After his master died, Scott brought the case that he should be free because he had lived in nonslave territory. Buchanan wanted to be a hero, and thought if the case could be decided broadly, it could settle the question of slavery in the Union for good. Buchanan knew, too, though, that the court had five Southerners and four Northerners, and if the decision were split that way, it would be ineffective. He and Taney had apparently agreed to have a narrower decision, or remand the case back to the Appeals Court, if it were merely sectional, since they felt the need to have some sort of bipartisanship for the decision to be legitimate. Ignoring the idea of separation of powers, though, Buchanan browbeat Robert Cooper Grier, another Dickinson alumnus and a justice from Pennsylvania, to go along with the majority opinion, which Taney would write. Eventually, a New York native, Justice Samuel Nelson, wrote a concurring opinion, making the vote even less sectional. Legend has it that Taney, on the Capitol stairs just before he gave Buchanan the oath of office at the inauguration, told Buchanan that the decision would become public in the next few days. Buchanan apparently changed his speech to indicate that and that he would be all for whatever the court decided. Two days later, the decision came down. Taney castigated Scott, whom he said was not a citizen, being a slave, and thus could not bring any suit. He also wrote that the Constitution gave no state or territory the power to institute or, conversely, prohibit slavery. Thus all the compromises about it, going back to the 1820s, were invalid, and, in fact, the Fugitive Slave Law, requiring anyone who knew about it to return slaves to their owners anywhere in the country, was in force. Historically, experts rate Dred Scott as the worst decision in the court s history, but short of that, it was at the very least transformational for the country with not just Taney, but surely Buchanan, responsible for it. As appalled as most of the country was about the morals of the decision at the time, there was a practical downside, too. Now no one knew whether he or she wanted to go West, to use the railroads, or to start a business that railroads might profit from. Railroad stocks started to decline in value, and then a contagion hit, and it was free fall. By midsummer, no one could take a ride on the Reading, as Uncle Pennybags does in the Monopoly game, since the Reading Railroad had shut down, as did lines now and then famous like the Illinois Central. Several lines, like the Delaware, Lackawanna and Western and the Fond du Lac Railroad in Wisconsin, declared bankruptcy. Thousands were thrown out of work, and banks started foreclosing on loans and property. Senator William Seward, the leader of the new Republican Party, come home from a vacation to find out he had lost most everything he owned his stock in the Illinois Central, promoted to him by his rival Democrat Stephen Douglas, was virtually worthless. Every bank in New York City effectively closed none would convert coins or gold into bank notes. The oldest grain company in New York, N.H. Wolfe and Co., failed in August, as did the most prominent insurance business in the country, the Ohio Life Insurance and Trust Co. Buchanan and his administration did nothing to stem the public hysteria. Calm words might have quelled it, but his inaction only made for further runs on banks and, thus, more turmoil in markets. The residue that mattered most, though, was the reaction caused by Dred Scott. Instead of promoting unity and opening up the West to more settlement, as Buchanan had thought, Dred Scott thwarted it, and brought an end to years of Northern prosperity. Yet the South did not succumb as badly. Its agrarian culture was self-sustaining, and its cotton still had a market in Europe. There was a surge in arms sales there as well, the economic downturn in the North exacerbating regional tensions. The relative good times in the South caused Northerners of all parties to further blame Buchanan for being a Southern lackey. Buchanan s response was underwhelming, almost disdainful. He said the federal government could do nothing. In his Annual Message in December 1857, he said he sympathized with the travails caused by the Panic, but he would do nothing for individual suffering. The government would continue to pay its obligations and would keep going on whatever public works projects it had started, but would begin no new ones. He said too many people had speculated in land and slaves and the like and deserved the gambler s fate. Eventually, he noted, the youth and energy of the rugged American individuals would triumph, though there would clearly be an interim of rough times. In a sense, he was right, because it took the rugged young Americans who went to war in 1861 to bring the economy back. Throughout his term, when a fork appeared in the road, Buchanan managed to take the wrong turn. When hostilities flared in Kansas, over whether that territory would enter as a slave or free state, Buchanan wavered over which of two proposed constitutions would be valid, exacerbating the killings, some done by the wild-eyed anti-slavery radical John Brown. When later Brown seized arms with a small cadre of followers in Harpers Ferry, West Virginia, just 40 miles from Washington along the Potomac, Buchanan again diddled before consulting Robert E. Lee, who had fortuitously been home in Arlington on leave from his post in Texas. Lee quickly went to Harpers Ferry to capture Brown and quell the raid. In other ventures, though, Buchanan dashed troops out on strange and unproductive missions. He caused chaos in Utah, quelling what he thought to be a Mormon revolt, causing villages to be burned to the ground and dozens of lives lost over what was merely a jurisdictional dispute. He supported mercenary William Walker s forays to conquer Nicaragua and Guatemala, and sent troops to try to annex parts of Paraguay, primarily to acquiesce to his Southern base that wanted more slave states to come into the union. Then there was the little known Pig War, started when a settler along the Canadian border on the San Juan straits in the Northwest, shot a pig owned by the Hudson Bay Co. that wandered onto his property. A standoff ensued until Buchanan sent troops otherwise guarding Kansas, where there was a real problem, out to calm the nonfatal except to one pig battle. This was at a time when there were about only 12,000 soldiers in the U.S. Army, stretched as thin as could be. As the election of 1860 came close, Buchanan refused to support the one Democrat who could win, Stephen Douglas, because he just plain didn t like him. That caused the party to split into three factions, each nominating a candidate, virtually ensuring Republican Abraham Lincoln the election. The Southern states, which had threatened secession, started doing so during the interim between Lincoln s election and his inauguration in March, thus under Buchanan s watch. Buchanan took the unusual position that the Constitution did not allow secession, but the president could not do anything to prevent it. As the first half-dozen states seceded, Buchanan lost several Cabinet members he had a lot of Southern allies and refused entreaties by many, including former President John Tyler, who would himself become a Confederate congressman, to find compromises to bring the wastrel states back into the fold. Meanwhile, Buchanan allowed the seizure of armaments and forts by the seceding states and suggested the abandonment of the one major fortified island in the South, Fort Sumter. Enter Lincoln, who has long been rated in serious surveys and schoolmarms speeches as the greatest of presidents. Lincoln no doubt was a man with plans and savvy, but I contend that the bar was set so low by his predecessor that maybe if there were no James Buchanan, the Worst. President. Ever, there would have been a few notches more on the presidential-rating scale for Abe Lincoln to climb. Today, George W. Bush is often rated one of the worst presidents in history, thanks to his authorship of the Iraq War and his presiding over the Crash of 08 and the beginning of the Great Recession. Obama is sometimes seen in the same light, especially by the far right. But as happened with Honest Abe and his predecessor, perhaps that low bar will only make it easier for a President Hillary Clinton or a President Donald Trump to shine. Robert Strauss is author of the forthcoming Worst. President. Ever.: James Buchanan, the POTUS Rating Game, and the Legacy of the Least of the Lesser Presidents.
Don King drops N-word while introducing Donald Trump
Story highlights Trump was sitting in a chair onstage just a few feet away from King when he uttered the word Trump has pledged to help bring jobs and safety to impoverished minority communities Cleveland Heights, Ohio (CNN) The controversial boxing promoter Don King used the N-word while introducing Donald Trump during an event Wednesday at a church. King, who is black, said the word as he argued that African-Americans cannot achieve success by emulating white people, as they will remain "negroes." "If you're poor, you are a poor negro -- I would use the n-word -- but if you're rich, you are a rich negro. If you are intelligent, intellectual, you are intellectual negro. If you are a dancing and sliding and gliding n***** -- I mean negro -- you are a dancing and sliding and gliding negro," King said, laughing along with the crowd after the slip-up. "You're going to be a negro 'til you die." Trump, who was already smirking as he listened to King, didn't change the expression on his face, but turned slightly uncomfortably to his special counsel Michael Cohen and the church's pastor, Darrell Scott, who head up Trump's diversity coalition. Trump, who said he personally invited King to introduce him, was sitting in a chair onstage just a few feet away from King when he uttered the word. Read More
Donald Trump Jr. Compares Syrian Refugees to Skittles
Donald Trump Jr., a son of the Republican presidential nominee, took to Twitter on Monday to publish a graphic that likened Syrian refugees to Skittles. The graphic asked the question, If I had a bowl of skittles and I told you just three would kill you. Would you take a handful? This image says it all. Let's end the politically correct agenda that doesn't put America first. #trump2016 pic.twitter.com/9fHwog7ssN Donald Trump Jr. (@DonaldJTrumpJr) September 19, 2016 That s our Syrian refugee problem, it reads. Trump added, This image says it all. The tweet drew both sharp criticism and support in the form of responses, retweets and online comments. The uproar led Mars Inc., the parent company of the manufacturer of Skittles, to issue a statement. Mars tweeted, Skittles are candy; refugees are people. pic.twitter.com/VUwYKzqujc Mars, Incorporated (@MarsGlobal) September 20, 2016 Hillary Clinton s traveling spokesman, Nick Merrill, retweeted Trump, saying, This is disgusting. This is disgusting. Nick Merrill (@NickMerrill) September 20, 2016 The White House announced last week that it wants to increase to 110,000 the number of refugees the U.S. accepts in the next fiscal year. This year, the country has taken in more than 11,000 Syrian refugees. More than 11 million people over half of Syria s population have fled their homes, according to the latest U.N. figures, with 6.6 million displaced in Syria and 4.8 million seeking refuge abroad. Donald Trump Sr. has proposed what he called extreme vetting of immigrants entering the country, suggesting ideological tests and screening based on religious background.
